## **Statement of inter-se allocation of responsibilities of the Book Running Lead Managers**

All BRLMs ICICI Securities
9.   Retail marketing of the Offer, which will cover, inter alia,

-  Finalising media, marketing and public relations strategy including

 list of frequently asked questions at retail road shows;

-  Finalising centres for holding conferences for brokers, etc.; and

-  Follow-up on distribution of publicity and Offer material including

 application form, the Prospectus and deciding on the quantum of the Offer material; and finalising brokerage, collection centres.
All BRLMs ICICI Securities
10.   Coordination with Stock Exchanges for book building software, bidding terminals, mock trading, intimation to Stock Exchanges for anchor portion, anchor coordination, anchor CAN and intimation of anchor allocation.
All BRLMs ICICI Securities
11.   Managing the book and finalization of pricing in consultation with our Company
All BRLMs BNPP
12.   Post bidding activities including management of escrows accounts, coordinate non-institutional allocation, coordination with Registrar, SCSBs and Bankers to the Offer, intimation of allocation and dispatch of refund to Bidders, etc. Post-Offer activities, which shall involve essential follow-up steps including follow-up with Bankers to the Offer and SCSBs to get quick estimates of collection and advising the Issuer about the closure of the Offer, based on correct figures, finalisation of the basis of allotment or weeding out of multiple applications, listing of instruments, dispatch of certificates or demat credit and refunds and coordination with various agencies connected with the post-Offer activity such as registrar to the Offer, Bankers to the Offer, SCSBs including responsibility for underwriting arrangements, as applicable. Payment of the applicable securities transactions tax on sale of unlisted equity shares by the Promoter Selling Shareholder under the Offer for Sale to the Government. Submission of all post Offer reports including the final post Offer report to SEBI.
All BRLMs ICICI Securities