(4) The fee collected by a recognized stock exchange under sub-regulations (1), (2) or (3) during a calendar month shall be paid by the stock exchange to the Board by the fifth working day of the following calendar month.
(5) All recognized stock exchanges shall maintain such registers and furnish such returns or information to the Board in respect of the fee collected under this chapter, as may be specified by the Board.
(6) Without prejudice to sub-regulation (5), a recognized stock exchange shall also be liable to furnish such information or explanations to the Board as may be required by it in respect of fee collected or liable to be collected under this chapter.
43. A stock broker who also acts as a clearing member or self-clearing member shall pay the annual fee separately, as applicable to each category as specified in regulation 41, by way of direct credit in the bank account through online payment using SEBI payment gateway.
44. (1) Nothing contained in regulation 42 shall affect the primary liability of a stock broker or clearing member or self-clearing member to pay the fees under regulation 41 or shall preclude the Board from recovering any such fee remaining unpaid by any stock broker or clearing member or self-clearing member directly from it.
(2) Where due to the stock broker’s or clearing member’s or self-clearing member’s default any fee which was liable to be paid on its behalf under regulation 42 remains unpaid or is paid belatedly, he shall, without prejudice to any other action that may be taken under the Act, rules or regulations, pay an interest of 1 per cent per month for every month of delay or part thereof to the Board.
(3) Every stock broker or clearing member or self-clearing member shall be liable to furnish such information or explanations to the Board as may be required by it in respect of fee paid or payable under this chapter.
45. The financial year shall mean the year commencing from 1st April and ending on 31st March of the following year.
48   T H E G A ZETTE OF INDIA : EXTRAORDINARY [P ART III—S EC .4]

46. For the purposes of regulation 42, regulation 43, regulation 44, and regulation 45, the obligations cast on recognised stock exchange and stock broker shall, mutatis mutandis, apply to clearing corporation and clearing member or self-clearing member also.