#(300MT Per Day) * (80% utilisable capacity) * (150 working days) *(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (300 working days) **(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (100 working days)

## **52. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain.**

**54. A downgrade in ratings of India and other jurisdictions we operate in may affect the trading price of the Equity Shares.**
Our borrowing costs and our access to the debt capital markets depend significantly on the credit ratings of India. Any further adverse revisions to credit ratings for India and other jurisdictions we operate in by International Rating Agencies may adversely impact our ability to raise additional financing. This could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our growth on favorable terms and consequently adversely affect our business and financial performance and the price of the Equity Shares.
**55. Financial instability in other countries may cause increased volatility in Indian financial markets.**
The Indian market and the Indian economy are influenced by economic and market conditions in other countries, including conditions in the United States, Europe and certain emerging economies in Asia. Financial turmoil in the United States, Asia and elsewhere in the world in recent years has adversely affected the Indian economy. Any worldwide financial instability may cause increased volatility in the Indian financial markets and, directly or indirectly, adversely affect the Indian economy and financial sector and us. In particular, the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict and Israeli-Palestinian conflict could result in increased volatility in, or damage to, the worldwide financial markets and economy. Although economic conditions vary across markets, loss of investor confidence in one emerging economy, may cause increased volatility across other economies, including India.
Financial instability in other parts of the world could have a global influence and thereby negatively affect the Indian economy. Financial disruptions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, economic developments globally can have a significant impact on our principal markets. Concerns related to a trade war between large economies (like USA vs all nations) may lead to increased risk aversion and volatility in global capital markets and consequently have an impact on the Indian economy.
In addition, China is one of India’s major trading partners and there are rising concerns of a possible slowdown in the Chinese economy as well as a strained relationship with India, which could have an adverse impact on the trade relations between the two countries. In response to such developments, legislators and financial regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions, including India, implemented a number of policy measures designed to add stability to the financial markets. However, the overall long-term effect of these and other legislative and regulatory efforts on the global financial markets is uncertain, and they may not have the intended stabilising effects. Any significant financial disruption could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, have had and may continue to have an adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets and may significantly reduce global market liquidity, restrict the ability of key market participants to operate in certain financial markets or restrict our access to capital. This could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and reduce the price of the Equity Shares.