#(300MT Per Day) * (80% utilisable capacity) * (150 working days) *(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (300 working days) **(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (100 working days)

## **52. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain.**

**53. Natural or man-made disasters, fires, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, terrorist attacks, civil unrest and other events could adversely affect our business.**
Natural disasters (such as typhoons, flooding and earthquakes), epidemics, pandemics such as COVID-19 and man-made disasters, including acts of war, terrorist attacks and other events, many of which are beyond our control, may lead to economic instability, including in India or globally, which may in turn adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our operations may be adversely affected by fires, natural disasters and/or severe weather, which can result in damage to our property or inventory and generally reduce our productivity and may require us to evacuate personnel and suspend operations.
A number of countries in Asia, including India, as well as countries in other parts of the world, are susceptible to contagious diseases. For example, a similar contagious disease like COVID-19 could adversely affect the global economy and economic activity in the region. As a result, any present or future outbreak of a contagious disease could have an adverse effect on our business and the trading price of the Equity Shares. India has from time-to-time experienced instances of social, religious and civil unrest and hostilities between neighbouring countries. For example, there was a mass protest by farmers, against three farm acts which were passed by the Parliament of India in September 2020. The introduction of the law caused protests in several parts of the country like Delhi, Haryana and Punjab. In case there are mass protests leading to civil unrest,
56
such incidents could impact both our operations and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Present relations between India and Pakistan continue to be fragile on the issues of terrorism, armaments and Kashmir. In April 2019, skirmishes along India’s border with Pakistan and the downing of an Indian military jet fighter plane significantly escalated tensions between the two countries. India has also experienced terrorist attacks in some parts of the country. Military activity or terrorist attacks in the future could influence the Indian economy by disrupting communications and making travel more difficult and such political tensions could create a greater perception that investments in Indian companies involve higher degrees of risk. Events of this nature in the future, as well as social and civil unrest within other countries in Asia, could influence the Indian economy and could have an adverse effect on the market for securities of Indian companies. During the current financial year i.e. FY 26, there has been multiple reporting of cloud bursts, floodings, flash flooding, landslides etc., in multiples parts of India, which had led to destruction of multiple crops and has caused undue hardship of the farmers, this consequently has caused raised in the prices of Agri Products due to creation of shortage.  Events of this nature and magnitude are outside the control of the company or any individual and could have could have an adverse effect on the Indian economy and consequently market for securities of Indian companies.