# Pursuant to Special Resolution passed at the Extra Ordinary General Meeting held on December 10, 2024, Equity Shares of face value of ₹100/- each of our Company were sub-divided into Equity Shares of face value of ₹10/- each.

## **10. Other requirements**

#### **SECTION X: MAIN PROVISIONS OF THE ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION**

Pursuant to the Companies Act and the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the main provisions of the Articles of Association of our Company is provided herein below. Capitalized terms used in this section have the meaning given to them in the Articles of Association. Each provision below is numbered as per the corresponding article number in the Articles of Association and defined terms herein have the meaning given to them in the Articles of Association.
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | Constitution of the Company  |
| 1  | a)  The regulations contained in table “F” of schedule I to the Companies Act, 2013 shall apply  only in so far as the same are not provided for or are not inconsistent with these Articles.  |
|  | b)  The regulations for the management of the Company and for the observance of the  Shareholders thereof and their representatives shall be such as are contained in these  Articles, subject however to the exercise of the statutory powers of the Company in respect  of repeal, additions, alterations, substitution, modifications and variations thereto by  Special Resolution as prescribed by the Companies Act, 2013. |
|  | Interpretation  |
| 2  | Unless the context otherwise requires, words or expressions contained in these Articles shall  bear the same meaning as in the Act or any statutory modifications thereof in force at the date  at which the Articles become binding on the Company. In these Articles, all capitalized items  not defined herein below shall have the meanings assigned to them in the other parts of these  Articles when defined for use.  |
|  | A.  Definitions  |
|  | “ Act ” means the Companies Act, 2013, including any statutory modification or re-enactment or  amendment, clarifications and notification thereof for the time being in force and the term shall  be deemed to refer to the applicable section thereof which is relatable to the relevant Article in  which the said term appears in these Articles and any previous Company law, so far as may be  applicable.  |
|  | “ Annual General Meeting ” means a general meeting of the members held as such, in  accordance with the provisions of the Act.  |
|  | “ Articles ” or “ Articles of Association ” mean the articles of association or re-enactment thereof  for the time being in force of the Company.  |
|  | “ Beneficial Owner ” means a person as defined by section 2(1)(a) of the Depositories Act, 1996.  |
|  | “ The Board ” or the “ Board of Directors ” means the collective body of the Directors of the  Company.  |
|  | “ Capital ” means the share capital, for the time being, raised or authorised to be raised, for  purposes of the Company.  |
|  | “ Company ” or “ this Company ” means “ YASHHTEJ INDUSTRIES (INDIA) LIMITED ”.  |
|  | “ Debenture ” includes debenture stock, bonds or any other instrument of the Company  evidencing the debts whether constituting the charge on the assets of the Company or not.  |
|  | “ Depositories Act 1996 ” means The Depositories Act, 1996 and includes any statutory  modification or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force.  |
|  | “ Depository ” means and includes a company as defined under section 2(1)(e) of the  Depositories Act, 1996.  |
|  | “ Directors ” means a director appointed to the Board of the Company.  |
|  | “ Dividend ” includes any interim dividend.  |
|  | “ Extra-ordinary General Meeting ” means an extraordinary general meeting of the members,  duly called and constituted, and any adjourned holding thereof.  |
|  | “ In writing ” or “ written ” include printing, lithography and other modes of representing or  reproducing words in a visible form.  |
|  | “ Member ” means member as defined under section 2(55) of the Companies Act, 2013  |
|  | “ Memorandum of Association ” means the memorandum of association of the Company or re- enactment thereof for the time being in force.  |
|  | “ Office ” means the registered office, for the time being, of the Company.  |
|  | “ Paid-up Capital ” means paid up capital as defined under section 2(64) of the Act.  |
|  | “ Participant ” means individual/institutions as defined under Section 2(1)(g) of the  Depositories Act, 1996.  |
|  | “ Promoters ” means persons identified in accordance with the definition ascribed to such term  in the Companies Act, 2013 and the regulations prescribed by SEBI.  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | “ Register of Members ” means the Register of Members to be kept pursuant to the Act, and  includes index of beneficial owners mentioned by a Depository.  |
|  | “ The Registrar ” means, Registrar as defined under section 2(75) of the Companies Act, 2013.  |
|  | “ Secretary ” means a Company Secretary, within the meaning of clause (c) of sub section (1)  of section 2 of Company Secretaries Act, 1980, who is appointed by the Company to perform  the functions of the Company Secretary under this Act.  |
|  | “ Seal ” means the common seal, for the time being, of the Company.  |
|  | “ SEBI ” shall mean the Securities and Exchange Board of India, constituted under the Securities  and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992.  |
|  | “ SEBI Listing Regulations ” shall mean Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing  Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time.  |
|  | “ Share ” means a Share in the capital of the Company, and includes stock, except where a  distinction between Stock and Shares is express or implied.  |
|  | “ Ordinary Resolution ” and “ Special Resolution ” shall have the same meaning assigned  thereto by the Act.  |
|  | “ Year ” means a calendar year and “financial year” shall have the same meaning as assigned  thereto by or under the Companies Act, 2013.  |
|  | B.  Construction  |
|  | In these Articles (unless the context requires otherwise):  |
|  | (i)  References to a party shall, where the context permits, include such party’s respective  successors, legal heirs and permitted assigns.  |
|  | (ii)  The descriptive headings of Articles are inserted solely for convenience of reference and  are not intended as complete or accurate descriptions of content thereof and shall not be  used to interpret the provisions ofthese Articles and shall not affect the construction of  these Articles.  |
|  | (iii)  References to articles and sub-articles are references to Articles and sub-articles of and to  these Articles unless otherwise stated and references to these Articles include references  to the articles and sub-articles herein.  |
|  | (iv)  Words importing the singular include the plural and vice versa, pronouns importing a  gender include each of the masculine, feminine and neuter genders, and where a word or  phrase is defined, other parts of speech and grammatical forms of that word or phrase shall  have the corresponding meanings.  |
|  | (v)  Wherever the words “include,” “includes,” or “including” is used in these Articles, such  words shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”.  |
|  | (vi)  The terms “hereof”, “herein”, “hereto”, “hereunder” or similar expressions used in these  Articles mean and refer to these Articles and not to any Article of these Articles, unless  expressly stated otherwise.  |
|  | (vii)  Unless otherwise specified, time periods within or following which any payment is to be  made or act is to be done shall be calculated by excluding the day on which the period  commences and including the day on which the period ends and by extending the period  to the next Business Day following if the last day of such period is not a Business Day;  and whenever any payment is to be made or action to be taken under these Articles is  required to be made or taken on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be  made or action taken on the next Business Day following. |
|  | (viii)  A reference to a party being liable to another party, or to liability, includes, but is not  limited to, any liability in equity, contract or tort (including negligence).  |
|  | (ix)  Reference to statutory provisions shall be construed as meaning and including references  also to any amendment or re-enactment for the time being in force and to all statutory  instruments or orders made pursuant to such statutory provisions.  |
|  | (x)  References made to any provision of the Act shall be construed as meaning and including  the references to the rules and regulations made in relation to the same by the MCA. The  applicable provisions of the Companies Act, 1956 shall cease to have effect from the date  on which the corresponding provisions under the Companies Act, 2013 have been notified.  |
|  | (xi)  In the event any of the provisions of the Articles are contrary to the provisions of the Act  and the Rules, the provisions of the Act and Rules will prevail.  |
|  | General Authority  |
| 3  | Where the Act requires that the Company cannot undertake any act or exercise any rights or  powers or privilege or authority, unless expressly authorised by its Articles, these Articles shall  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | in relation to the Company, be deemed to confer such right, authority or power or privilege and  to carry out such transaction as have been permitted by the Act.  |
|  | Capital and Increase and Reduction thereof  |
| 4  | The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is such amount, as stated, for the time being, or  may be varied, from time to time, under the provisions of the Act, in the Clause V of the  Memorandum of Association of the Company, divided into such number, classes and  descriptions of Shares and into such denominations, as stated therein, and further with such  powers to increase the same or otherwise as stated therein.  |
| 5  | The Company may issue the following kinds of shares in accordance with these Articles, the  Act and other applicable laws:  (i)  Equity Share Capital: with voting rights; and/or with differential rights as to dividend,  voting or otherwise; and  (ii)  Preference Share Capital.  |
| 6  | The Company, in a general meeting, may, from time to time, increase the capital by the creation  of new Shares. Such increase in the capital shall be of such aggregate amount and to be divided  into such number of Shares of such respective amounts, as the resolution, so passed in that  respect, shall prescribe. Subject to the provisions of the Act, any Shares of the original or  increased capital shall be issued upon such terms and conditions and with such rights and  privileges annexed thereto as the general meeting, resolving upon the creation thereof, shall  direct, and, if no direction be given, as the Directors shall determine, and, in particular, such  Shares may be issued with a preferential, restricted or qualified right to dividends, and in the  distribution of assets of the Company, on winding up, and with or without a right of voting at  general meetings of the Company, in conformity with and only in the manner prescribed by the  provisions of the Act. Whenever capital of the Company has been increased under the provisions  of this Article, the Directors shall comply with the applicable provisions of the Act.  |
| 7  | Except so far as otherwise provided by the conditions of issue or by these presents, any capital  raised by the creation of new shares shall be considered as part of the existing capital and shall  be subject to the provisions contained herein with reference to the payment of calls and  instalments, forfeiture, lien, surrender, transfer and transmission, voting or otherwise.  |
| 8  | Subject to the provisions of Section 55 of the Act and the rules made thereunder, the Company  shall have the power to issue preference shares, which are liable to be redeemed and the  resolution authorising such issue shall prescribe the manner, terms and conditions of  redemption.  |
| 9  | On the issue of Redeemable Preference Shares under the provisions of the preceding Article,  the following provisions shall take effect:  (i)  No such Shares shall be redeemed except out of the profits of the Company which would  otherwise be available for dividend or out of the proceeds of a fresh issue of Shares made  for the purpose of the redemption.  (ii)  No such Shares shall be redeemed unless they are fully paid. The period of redemption in  case of preference shares shall not exceed the maximum period for redemption provided  under Section 55 of the Act;  (iii) The premium, if any, payable on redemption, must have been provided for, out of the  profits of the Company or the Share Premium Account of the Company before, the Shares  are redeemed; and  (iv) Where any such Shares are redeemed otherwise than out of the proceeds of a fresh issue,  there shall, out of profits which would otherwise have been available for dividend, be  transferred to a reserve fund to be called “Capital Redemption Reserve Account”, a sum  equal to the nominal amount of the Shares redeemed and the provisions of the Act, relating  to the reduction of the Share Capital of the Company, shall, except as provided in Section  80 of the Act, apply as if “Capital Redemption Reserve Account” were paid up Share  capital of the Company. |
| 10  | Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company may issue bonus shares to its Members out  of (i) its free reserves; (ii) the securities premium account; or (iii) the capital redemption reserve  account, in any manner as the Board may deem fit.  |
| 11  | The Company may issue any debentures, debenture-stock or other securities at a discount,  premium or otherwise, if permissible under the Act, and may be issued on the condition that  they shall be convertible into shares of any denomination and with any privileges and conditions  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | as to redemption, surrender, drawings, allotment of shares, attending (but not voting) at general  meetings, appointment of Directors and otherwise. Debentures with the rights to conversion into  or allotment of shares shall not be issued except with the sanction of the Company in a general  meeting by a special resolution and subject to the provisions of the Act.  |
| 12  | Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company shall have the power to make compromise or  make arrangements with creditors and members, consolidate, demerge, amalgamate or merge  with other company or companies in accordance with the provisions of the Act and any other  applicable laws.  |
| 13  | Subject to Section 66 of the Companies Act, 2013, the Company may by special resolution,  reduce its capital and any Capital Redemption Reserve Account or Other Premium Account, for  the time being, in any manner, authorised by law, and, in particular, without prejudice to the  generality of the foregoing powers, the capital may be paid off on the footing that it may be  called up again or otherwise. This Article is not to derogate from any power, the Company  would have, if it were omitted.  |
| 14  | Subject to the applicable provisions of the Act, the Company, in general meeting, may, from  time to time, sub-divide, reclassify or consolidate its Shares or any of them, and the resolution  whereby any Share is sub-divided, may determine that, as between the holders of the Shares  resulting from such sub-division, one or more of such Shares shall have some preference or  special advantage as regards dividend, capital or otherwise over or as compared with the other  or others. Subject as aforesaid, the Company, in general meeting, may also cancel Shares, which  have not been taken or agreed to be taken by any person, and diminish the amount of its Share  capital by the amount of the Shares so cancelled.  |
| 15  | Whenever the capital, by reason of the issue of Preference Shares or otherwise, is divided into  different classes of shares, all or any of the rights and privileges attached to each class may,  subject to the applicable provisions of the Act, be modified, commuted, affected or abrogated,  or dealt with by an agreement between the Company and any person purporting to contract on  behalf of that class, provided such agreement is ratified, in writing, by holders of at least three- fourths in nominal value of the issued Shares of the class or is confirmed by a special resolution  passed at a separate general meeting of the holders of Shares of that class and all the provisions  hereinafter contained as to general meetings, shall, mutatis mutandis, apply to every such  meeting.  |
|  | Shares and Certificates  |
| 16  | The Company shall keep or cause to be kept a Register and Index of Members, in accordance  with the applicable Sections of the Act. The Company shall be entitled to keep, in any State or  Country outside India, a Branch Register of Members, in respect of those residents in that State  or Country.  |
| 17  | The Shares, in the capital, shall be numbered progressively according to their several classes  and denominations, and, except in the manner hereinabove mentioned, no Share shall be sub- divided. Every forfeited or surrendered Share may continue to bear the number by which the  same was originally distinguished with, or as may be otherwise, as may be decided by the Board  of Directors or required by any other authority, as may be, for the time being, in force.  |
| 18  | Further Issue of Shares  (a)  Where at any time after the expiry of two years from the formation of the Company or at  any time after the expiry of one year from the allotment of Shares in the Company made  for the first time after its formation, whichever is earlier, it is proposed to increase the  subscribed capital of the Company by allotment of further Shares on rank pari passu basis  either out of the unissued or out of the increased Share capital then, such further Shares  issued shall be offered to:  (a)  the persons who at on date specified under the applicable law, are holders of the  Equity Shares of the Company, in proportion by sending a letter of offer subject to  the conditions set below, as near as circumstances admit, to the capital paid up on  those Shares at that date:  (i)  Such offer shall be made by a notice specifying the number of Shares offered  and limiting a time not less than fifteen days and not exceeding thirty days from  the date of the offer within which the offer if not accepted, will be deemed to  have been declined;  (ii)  The offer aforesaid shall be deemed to include a right exercisable by the person  concerned to renounce the Shares offered to him in favour of any other person  and the notice referred to in sub-clause (i) hereof shall contain a statement of |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | this right provided that the Directors may decline, without assigning any reason  to allot any Shares to any person in whose favour any member may, renounce  the Shares offered to him;  (iii)  After expiry of the time specified in the aforesaid notice or on receipt of earlier  intimation from the person to whom such notice is given that he declines to  accept the Shares offered, the Board of Directors may dispose of them in such  manner as they think most beneficial to the Company; or  (b)  employees under a scheme of employees’ stock option, subject to special resolution  passed by the Company and subject to the rules and such other conditions, as may  be prescribed under the law  (b)  Notwithstanding anything contained in sub-clause (i) thereof, the further Shares aforesaid  may be offered to any persons, if it is authorised by a special resolution, (whether or not  those persons include the persons referred to in clause (a) of sub-clause (i) hereof) in any  manner either for cash or for a consideration other than cash, if the price of such shares is  determined by the valuation report of a registered valuer subject to the compliance with  the applicable provisions of Chapter III and any other conditions as may be prescribed in  the Act and the rules made thereunder.  (c)  The notice referred to in sub-clause (a) of clause (i) hereof shall be dispatched through  registered post or speed post or through electronic mode to all the existing shareholders at  least 3 (three) days before the opening of the issue.  (d)  Nothing in sub-clause (c) of (i) hereof shall be deemed:  (a)  To extend the time within the offer should be accepted; or  (b)  To authorise any person to exercise the right of renunciation for a second time, on  the ground that the person in whose favour the remuneration was first made has  declined to take the Shares comprised in the renunciation.  (e)  Nothing in this Article shall apply to the increase of the subscribed capital of the Company  caused by the exercise of an option attached to the Debenture issued or loans raised by the  Company to convert such Debenture or loans into Shares in the Company. Provided that  the terms of issue of such Debentures or the terms of such loans include a term containing  such an option have been approved before the issue of such debentures or the raising of  loan by a special resolution passed by the Company in general meeting.  (f)  The provisions contained in this Article shall be subject to the provisions of the section 42  and section 62 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act and rules framed  thereunder. |
| 19  | Shares at the disposal of the Board  Subject to the provisions of Section 62 of the Companies Act, 2013 and the rules made  thereunder and these Articles of the Company for the time being, the Shares shall be under the  control of the Board who may issue, allot or otherwise dispose of the same or any of them to  such persons, in such proportion and on such terms and conditions and either at a premium or  at par or discount, subject to Sections 53 and 54 of the Act, and at such time as they may from  time to time think fit and with the sanction of the Company in the General Meeting to give any  person or persons the option or right to call for any Shares either at par or premium or discount,  subject to Sections 53 and 54 of the Act, during such time and for such consideration as the  Directors think fit, and may issue and allot Shares in the capital of the Company on payment in  full or part of any property sold and transferred or for any services rendered to the Company in  the conduct of its business and any Shares which may so be allotted may be issued as fully paid  up Shares and if so issued, shall be deemed to be fully paid Shares. Provided that option or right  to call of Shares shall not be given to any person or persons without the sanction of the Company  in the General Meeting. The Board shall cause to be filed the returns as to allotment as may be  prescribed from time to time  |
| 20  | In addition to and without derogating from the powers for that purpose conferred on the Board  under the preceding two Articles, the Company, in general meeting, may determine that any  Shares, whether forming part of the original capital or of any increased capital of the Company,  shall be offered to such persons, whether or not the members of the Company, in such proportion  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | and on such terms and conditions and, subject to compliance with the provisions of applicable  provisions of the Act, either at a premium or at par, as such general meeting shall determine and  with full power to give any person, whether a member or not, the option to call for or be allotted  Shares of any class of the Company either, subject to compliance with the applicable provision  of the Act, at a premium or at par, such option being exercisable at such times and for such  consideration as may be directed by such general meeting, or the Company in general meeting  may make any other provision whatsoever for the issue, allotment or disposal of any Shares.  |
| 21  | Any application signed by or on behalf of an applicant for subscription for Shares in the  Company, followed by an allotment of any Shares therein, shall be an acceptance of Shares  within the meaning of these Articles, and every person, who, thus or otherwise, accepts any  Shares and whose name is entered on the Registered shall, for the purpose of these Articles, be  a member.  |
| 22  | The money, if any, which the Board shall, on the allotment of any shares being made by them,  require or direct to be paid by way of deposit, call or otherwise, in respect of any Shares allotted  by them, shall immediately on the insertion of the name of the allottee in the Register of  Members as the name of the holder of such Shares, become a debt due to and recoverable by  the Company from the allottee thereof, and shall be paid by him accordingly, in the manner  prescribed by the Board.  |
| 23  | Every member or his heirs, executors or administrators, shall pay to the Company the portion  of the capital represented by his Share or Shares which may, for the time being, remain unpaid  thereon, in such amounts, at such time or times, and in such manner as the Board shall, from  time to time, in accordance with the Regulations of the Company, require or fix for the payment  thereof.  |
| 24  | (i)  Every Member shall be entitled, without payment, to one or more certificates in marketable  lots, for all the Shares of each class or denomination registered in his name, or if the  Directors so approve (upon paying such fee as the Directors may from time to time  determine) to several certificates, each for one or more of such Shares and the Company  shall complete and have ready for delivery such certificates within the time specified by the  law applicable at the time. Every certificate of shares shall be in the form and manner  specified in the Articles and in respect of a share or shares held jointly by several persons,  the Company shall not be bound to issue more than one certificate and delivery of a  certificate of shares to the first named joint holders shall be sufficient delivery to all such  holders.  (ii)  Particulars of every Share certificate issued shall be entered in the Register of Members  against the name of the person, to whom it has been issued, indicating the date of issue.  (iii)  Any two or more joint allotees, in respect of a Share, shall, for the purpose of this Article,  be treated as a single member, and the certificate of any Share, which may be subject of  joint ownership, may be delivered to the person named first in the order or otherwise even  to any one of such joint owners, on behalf of all of them. For any further certificate, the  Board shall be entitled but shall not be bound to prescribe a charge not exceeding Rupee  50(fifty) per such certificate. In this respect, the Company shall comply with the applicable  provisions, for the time being, in force, of the Act.  (iv)  A director may sign a Share certificate by affixing his signature thereon by means of any  machine, equipment or other mechanical means, such as engraving in metal or lithography,  but not by means of a rubber stamp provided that the Directors shall be responsible for the  safe custody of such machine, equipment or other material used for the purpose. |
| 25  | (i)  The Directors may, if they think fit, subject to the provisions of Section 50 of the Act, agree  to receive from any member willing to advance the same, all or any part of the amount of  his Shares beyond the sums actually called up and upon the monies so paid in advance or  upon so much thereof as from time to time exceeds the amount of the calls then made upon  the Shares in respect of which such advances has been made, the Company may pay interest  at such rate, as the member paying such sum in advance and the Directors agree upon  provided that money paid in advance of calls shall on any Share may carry interest but shall  not confer a right to participate in profits or dividend. The Directors may at any time repay  the amount so advanced.  The member shall not be entitled to any voting rights in respect of the moneys so paid by  him until the same would but for such payment, become presently payable.  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | The Provisions of these Articles shall mutatis mutandis apply to the calls on Debentures of  the Company.  (ii)  When a new Share certificate has been issued in pursuance of the preceding clause of this  Article, it shall state on the face of it and against the stub or counterfoil to the effect that it  is “Issued in lieu of Share Certificate No. __ sub-divided/replaced/on consolidation of  Shares”.  (iii)  If any certificate be worn out, defaced, mutilated, or torn or if there be no further space on  the back thereof for endorsement of transfer, then upon production and surrender thereof to  the Company, a new certificate may be issued in lieu thereof and if any certificate lost or  destroyed then upon proof thereof to the satisfaction of the Company and on execution of  such indemnity as the Company deem adequate, being given, and a new certificate in lieu  thereof shall be given to the party entitled to such lost or destroyed certificate. Every  certificate under the Article shall be issued without payment of fees if the Directors so  decide, or on payment of such fees in accordance with law applicable at the time and as the  Directors shall prescribe. Provided that no fee shall be charged for issue of new certificates  in replacement of those which are old, defaced or worn out or where there is no further  space on the back thereof for endorsement of transfer.  Provided that notwithstanding what is stated above the Directors shall comply with such  Rules or Regulation or requirements of any Stock Exchange or the Rules made under the  Act or the rules made under Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 or any other Act,  or rules applicable in this behalf.  The provision of this Article shall mutatis mutandis apply to debentures of the Company.  When a new Share certificate has been issued in pursuance of the preceding clause of this  Article, it shall state on the face of it and against the stub or counterfoil to the effect that it  is “DUPLICATE. Issued in lieu of Share Certificate No. ___” The word “DUPLICATE”  shall be stamped or punched in bold letters across the face of the Share certificate.  (iv)  Where a new Share certificate has been issued in pursuance of clause (i) or clause (iii) of  this Article, particulars of every such Share certificate shall be entered in a Register of  Renewed and Duplicate Share Certificates, indicating against the names of the person or  persons to whom the certificate is issued, the number and date of issue of the Share  certificate, in lieu of which the new certificate is issued, and the necessary changes  indicated in the Register of Members by suitable cross reference in the “Remarks” column.  (v)  All blank forms to be issued for issue of Share certificates shall be printed and the printing  shall be done only on the authority of a resolution of the Board. The blank forms shall be  consecutively numbered, whether by machine, hand or otherwise, and the forms and the  blocks, engravings, facsimiles and hues relating to the printing of such forms shall be kept  in the custody of the Secretary, where there is no Secretary, the Managing Director or  Whole time Director, and where there is no such director, the Chairman of the Board, for  the time being, or otherwise of such other person, as the Board may appoint for the purpose,  and the Secretary, such director, Chairman or such other person shall be responsible for  rendering an account of these forms to the Board.  (vi)  The Managing Director of the Company, for the time being, or, if the Company has no  Managing Director, every director of the Company shall be severally responsible for the  maintenance, preservation and safe custody of all books and documents relating to the issue  of Share certificates except the blank forms of Share certificates referred to in Clause (vi)  of this Article.  (vii)  All books referred to in clause (vii) of this Article shall be preserved in good order  permanently, or for such period as may be prescribed by the Act or the Rules made  thereunder. |
| 26  | If any Share stands in the names of two or more persons, the person first named, in the Register,  shall, as regards receipt of dividends or bonus or service of notices and all or any matter  connected with the Company, except voting at meetings and the transfer of the Shares, be  deemed the sole holder thereof but the joint holders of a Share shall be severally as well as  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | jointly liable for the payment of all instalments of calls due in respect of such Share and for all  incidents otherwise.  |
| 27  | Except as ordered by a Court of competent jurisdiction or as by law required, the Company shall  not be bound to recognise any equitable, contingent, future or partial interest in any Share, or,  except only as is, by these presents, otherwise expressly provided, any right in respect of a Share  other than an absolute right thereto, in accordance with these Articles, in the person, from time  to time, registered as the holder thereof, but the Board shall be, at liberty, at their sole discretion,  to register any Share in the joint names of any two or more persons or the survivor or survivors  of them.  |
| 28  | Subject to the provisions of Sections 68 to 70 of the Act 2013 and the rules thereunder, the  Company may purchase its own Shares or other specified securities out of free reserves, the  securities premium account or the proceeds of issue of any Share or specified securities.  |
| 29  | Subject to the provisions contained in sections 68 to 70 and all applicable provisions of the Act  and subject to such approvals, permissions, consents and sanctions from the concerned  authorities and departments, including the SEBI, Registrar and the Reserve Bank of India, if  any, the Company may, by passing a special resolution at a general meeting, purchase its own  Shares or other specified securities (hereinafter referred to as ‘buy-back’) from its existing  Shareholders on a proportionate basis and/or from the open market and/or from the lots smaller  than market lots of the securities (odd lots), and/or the securities issued to the employees of the  Company pursuant to a scheme of stock options or sweat Equity, from out of its free reserves  or out of the securities premium account of the Company or out of the proceeds of any issue  made by the Company specifically for the purpose, on such terms, conditions and in such  manner as may be prescribed by law from time to time; provided that the aggregate of the  securities so bought back shall not exceed such number as may be prescribed under the Act or  Rules made from time to time. |
|  | Commission and Brokerage  |
| 30  | Subject to the provisions of Section 40 of the Act 2013 and the rules thereof, the Company may,  at any time, pay a commission to any person in consideration of his subscribing or agreeing to  subscribe, whether absolutely or conditionally, for any Shares in or Debentures of the Company  or procuring or agreeing to procure the subscribers, whether absolutely or conditional, for any  Shares in or Debentures of the Company, but so that the rate or amount of the commission shall  not exceed the rate or amount prescribed in rules made under sub-section (6) of Section 40 of  the Act, and such commission may be satisfied in any such manner, including the allotment of  the fully or partly paid up Shares or Debentures, as the case may be, as the Board thinks fit and  proper.  |
| 31  | Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Company may pay a reasonable sum for brokerage.  |
|  | Calls  |
| 32  | The Board may, from time to time, subject to the terms on which any Shares may have been  issued and subject to the conditions of allotment, by a resolution passed only at a duly  constituted meeting of the Board, make such call, as it thinks fit, upon the members in respect  of all moneys unpaid on the Shares held by them respectively and each member shall pay the  amount of every call so made on him to the person or persons and at the times and places  appointed by the Board. A call may be made payable by instalments.  |
| 33  | Provided that no call shall exceed one-fourth of the nominal value of the share or be payable at  less than one month from the date fixed for the payment of the last preceding call.  |
| 34  | At least fourteen days’ notice, in writing, of any call, shall be given by the Company specifying  the time and place of payment, and the person or persons to whom such call be paid.  |
| 35  | A call shall be deemed to have been made at the time when the resolution authorizing such call  was passed at a meeting of the Board.  |
| 36  | The Board may, from time to time, at its discretion, extend the time fixed for the payment of  any call, and may extend such time as to all or any of the members whom owing to their  residence at a distance or other cause, the Board may deem fairly entitled to such extension, but  no member shall be entitled to such extension, save as a matter of grace and favour.  |
| 37  | A call may be revoked or postponed at the discretion of Board.  |
| 38  | All calls shall be made on a uniform basis on all shares falling under the same class.  |
| 39  | The joint holders of a Share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect thereof.  |
| 40  | If any members fails to pay any call due from him on the day appointed for payment thereof, or  any such extension thereof as aforesaid, he shall be liable to pay interest on the same from the  day appointed for the payment thereof to the time of actual payment at such rate as shall, from  time to time, be fixed by the Board, but nothing in this Article shall render it obligatory for the  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | Board to demand or recover any interest from any such member, the Board shall be at liberty to  waive payment of any such interest wholly or in part.  |
| 41  | Any sum, which, by the terms of issue of a Share, becomes payable on allotment or at any fixed  date, whether on account of the nominal value of the Share or by way of premium, shall, for the  purposes of these Articles, be deemed to be a call duly made and payable on the date on which,  by the terms of issue, the same becomes payable, and, in the case of non-payment, all the  relevant provisions of these Articles as to payment of interest and expenses, forfeiture or  otherwise, shall apply, as if such sum had become payable by virtue of a call duly made and  notified.  |
| 42  | On the trial or hearing of any action or suit brought by the Company against any member or his  representative for the recovery of any money claimed to be due to the Company in respect of  his Shares, it shall be sufficient to prove that the name of the member, in respect of whose Shares  the money is sought to be recovered, appears or is entered on the Register of Members as the  holder, at or subsequent to the date at which the money is sought to be recovered, is alleged to  have become due on the Shares in respect of which money is sought to be recovered, and that  the resolution making the call is duly recorded in the minute book, and that notice, of which  call, was duly given to the member or his representatives and used in pursuance of these Articles,  and it shall not be necessary to prove the appointment of the Directors who made such call, and  not that a quorum of Directors was present at the meeting of the Board at which any call was  made, and nor that the meeting, at which any call was made, has duly been convened or  constituted nor any other matter whatsoever, but the proof of the matters aforesaid shall be  conclusive of the debt.  |
| 43  | Neither the receipt by the Company of a portion of any money which shall, from time to time,  be due from any member to the Company in respect of his Shares, either by way of principal or  interest, nor any indulgence granted by the Company in respect of the payment of any such  money, shall preclude the Company from thereafter proceeding to enforce a forfeiture of such  Shares as hereinafter provided.  |
| 44  | (i) The Board may, if it thinks fit, agree to and receive from any member willing to advance  the same all or any part of the amounts of his respective Shares beyond the sums actually  called up and upon the moneys so paid in advance, or upon so much thereof, from time to  time, and, at any time thereafter, as exceeds the amount of the calls then made upon and due  in respect of the Shares on account of which such advances are made, the Board may pay  or allow interest at such rate, as the member paying the sum in advance and the Board agrees  upon, subject to the provisions of the Act. The Board may agree to repay, at any time, any  amount so advanced or may, at any time, repay the same upon giving to the member 3  (Three) months’ notice, in writing, provided that moneys paid, in advance of calls, on any  Shares may carry interest but shall not confer a right to dividend or to participate in profits.  (ii) No member paying any such sum in advance shall be entitled to voting rights in respect of  the moneys so paid by him, until the same would, but for such payment, become presently  payable. The provisions of this Article shall mutatis mutandis apply to any calls on  debentures of the Company. |
|  | Lien  |
| 45  | (i) The Company shall have a first and paramount lien upon all the Shares/Debentures (other  than fully paid-up Shares/Debentures) registered in the name of each member (whether  solely or jointly with others) and upon the proceeds of sale thereof for all moneys (whether  presently payable or not) called or payable at a fixed time in respect of such  Shares/Debentures and no equitable interest in any Shares shall be created except upon the  footing and condition that this Article will have full effect. And such lien shall extend to all  dividends and bonuses from time to time declared in all respect of such Shares/Debentures.  Unless otherwise agreed, the registration of a transfer of Shares/Debentures shall operate as  a waiver of the Company’s lien, if any, on such Shares/Debentures. The Directors may at  any time declare any Shares/Debentures wholly or in part to be exempt from the provisions  of this clause.  (ii) Every fully paid shares shall be free from all lien and that in the case of partly paid shares  the Issuer’s lien shall be restricted to moneys called or payable at a fixed time in respect of  such shares  |
| 46  | For the purpose of enforcing such lien, the Board may sell the Shares, subject thereto, in such  manner, as it shall think fit, and, for that purpose, may cause to be issued a duplicate certificate  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | in respect of such Shares, and may authorise one of their members to execute a transfer thereof,  on behalf of and in the name of such manner. The Company may sell, in such manner as the  Board thinks fit, any shares on which the Company has a lien, provided that no sale shall be  made (a) unless a sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable; or (b) until the  expiration of fourteen days after a notice in writing stating and demanding payment of such part  of the amount in respect of which the lien exists as is presently payable, has been given to the  registered holder for the time being of the share or the person entitled thereto by reason of his  death or insolvency.  |
| 47  | The net proceeds of any such sale shall be received by the Company and applied in or towards  payment of such part of the amount, in respect of which the lien exists, as is presently payable,  and the residue, if any, shall, subject to a like lien for sums not presently payable as existed  upon the Shares before the sale, be paid to the persons entitled to the Shares at the date of the  sale.  |
| 48  | A member shall exercise any voting rights in respect of the shares in regard to which the  Company has exercised the right of Lien.  |
|  | Forfeiture of Shares  |
| 49  | If any member fails to pay any call or instalment of a call on or before the day appointed for the  payment of the same or any such extension thereof as aforesaid, the Board may, at any time  thereafter, during such time as the call or instalment remains unpaid, give notice to him requiring  him to pay the same together with any interest that may have accrued and all expenses that may  have been incurred by the Company by reason of such non-payment.  |
| 50  | The notice shall name a day, not being less than 14 (Fourteen) days from the date of the notice,  and a place or places on and at which such call or instalment and such interest and expenses as  aforesaid are to be paid. The notice shall also state, that, in the event of the non-payment at or  before the time and at the place appointed, the Shares, in respect of which the call was made or  instalment is payable, will be liable to be forfeited.  |
| 51  | If the requirements of any such notice, as aforesaid, shall not be complied with, every or any  Share, in respect of which such notice has been given, may, at any time thereafter, before  payment of all calls or instalments, interest and expenses, as may be due in respect thereof, be  forfeited by a resolution of the Board to that effect. Subject to the provisions of the Act, such  forfeiture shall include all dividends declared or any other moneys payable in respect of the  forfeited Shares and not actually paid before the forfeiture.  |
| 52  | When any Share shall have been so forfeited, notice of the forfeiture shall be given to the  member, in whose name it stood immediately prior to the forfeiture and an entry of the forfeiture  with the date thereof, shall, forthwith, be made in the Register of Members. But no forfeiture  shall be, in any manner, invalidated by any omission or neglect to give such notice or to make  any such entry as aforesaid.  |
| 53  | Any Share, so forfeited, shall be deemed to be the property of the Company, and may be sold,  re-allotted or otherwise disposed of, either to the original holder thereof or to any other person,  upon such terms and in such manner as the Board shall think fit.  |
| 54  | Any member, whose Shares have been forfeited, shall, notwithstanding the forfeiture, be liable  to pay and shall forthwith pay to the Company, on demand, all calls, instalments, interest and  expenses owing upon or in respect of such Shares at the time of the forfeiture together with  interest thereof, until payment, at such rate, as the Board may determine, and the Board may  enforce the payment thereof, if it thinks fit.  |
| 55  | The forfeiture of a Share shall involve extinction, at the time of the forfeiture, of all interests in  and all claims and demands against the Company, in respect of such Share and all other rights,  incidental to the Share, except only such of those rights as by these presents are expressly saved.  |
| 56  | A declaration, in writing, that the declarant is a director or Secretary of the Company and that a  Share in the Company has duly been forfeited in accordance with these Articles, on a date stated  in the declaration, shall be conclusive evidence of the facts therein stated as against all persons  claiming to be entitled to the Shares.  |
| 57  | Upon any sale after forfeiture or for enforcing a lien in purported exercise of the powers  hereinbefore given, the Board may appoint some person to execute an instrument of transfer of  the Shares sold, and cause the purchaser’s name to be entered in the Register, in respect of the  Shares sold, and the purchaser shall not be bound to see to the regularity of the proceedings or  to the application of the purchase money, and, after his name has been entered in the Register,  in respect of such Shares, the validity of the sale shall not be impeached by any person, and the  remedy of any person aggrieved by the sale shall be in damages only and exclusively against  the Company and no one else. |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
| 58  | Upon any sale, re-allotment or other disposal under the provisions of the preceding Article, the  certificate or certificates originally issued, in respect of the relative Shares, shall, unless the  same shall, on demand by the Company, have been previously surrendered to it by the defaulting  member, stand cancelled and become null and void and of no effect, and the Directors shall be  entitled to issue a duplicate certificate or certificates, in respect of the said Shares, to the person  or persons entitled thereto.  |
|  | Transfer and Transmission of Shares  |
| 59  | The Company shall keep the “Register of Transfers” and therein shall fairly and distinctly enter  particulars of every transfer or transmission of any Share.  |
| 60  | No transfer shall be registered unless a proper instrument of transfer has been delivered to the  Company. A common form of transfer shall be used. Every instrument of transfer shall be in  writing and all provisions of the Act, the rules and applicable laws shall be duly complied with.  The instrument shall also be duly stamped, under the relevant provisions of the Law, for the  time being, in force, and shall be signed by or on behalf of the transferor and the transferee, and  in the case of a Share held by two or more holders or to be transferred to the joint names of two  or more transferees by all such joint holders or by all such joint transferees, as the case may be,  and the transferor or the transferors, as the case may be, shall be deemed to remain the holder  or holders of such Share, until the name or names of the transferee or the transferees, as the case  may be, is or are entered in the Register of Members in respect thereof. Several executors or  administrators of a deceased member, proposing to transfer the Share registered in the name of  such deceased member, or the nominee or nominees earlier appointed by the said deceased  holder of Shares, in pursuance of the Article 88, shall also sign the instrument of transfer in  respect of the Share, as if they were the joint holders of the Share. |
| 61  | Shares in the Company may be transferred by an instrument, in writing, in the form, as shall,  from time to time, be approved by the Directors provided that, if so required by the provisions  of the Act, such instrument of Transfer shall be in the form prescribed thereunder and shall be  duly stamped and delivered to the Company within the prescribed period. All the provisions of  Section 56 of the Act, 2013 shall be duly complied with in respect of all transfers of Shares and  registration thereof.  |
| 62  | The Board shall have power, on giving 7 (Seven) days’ previous notice, by advertisement in  some newspaper circulating in the district in which the Registered Office of the Company is,  for the time being, situated, to close the transfer books, the Register of Members of Register of  Debenture holders, at such time or times and for such periods, not exceeding thirty days at a  time and not exceeding in the aggregate forty-five days in each year, as it may seem expedient.  |
| 63  | Subject to the provisions of Section 58 and 59 of the Companies Act 2013, these Articles and  any other applicable provisions of the Act or any other law for the time being in force, the Board  may, refuse, whether in pursuance of any power of the Company under these Articles or  otherwise, to register the transfer of, or the transmission by operation of law of the right to, any  Shares or interest of a member in, or Debentures of the Company. The Company shall within  the time required under the law applicable at that time send to the transferee and transferor or  to the person giving intimation of such transmission, as the case may be, notice of the refusal to  register such transfer, giving reasons for such refusal provided that registration of transfer shall  not be refused on the ground of the transferor being either alone or jointly with any other person  or persons indebted to the Company on any account whatsoever except when the Company has  a lien on the Shares.  |
| 64  | An application for the registration of a transfer of Shares in/ the Company may be made either  by the transferor or the transferee. Where such application is made by a transferor and relates to  partly paid Shares, the Company shall give notice of the application to the transferee. The  transferee may, within two weeks from the date of the receipt of the notice and not later, object  to the proposed transfer. The notice to the transferee shall be deemed to have been duly given,  if dispatched by prepaid registered post to the transferee at the address given in the instrument  of transfer and shall be deemed to have been delivered at the time when it would have been  delivered in the ordinary course of post.  |
| 65  | In the case of the death of any one or more of the persons named in the Register of Members as  the joint holders of any Share, the survivor or survivors shall be the only persons recognised by  the Company as having any title to or interest in such Share, but nothing herein contained shall  be taken to release the estate of a deceased joint holder from any liability on Shares held by him  jointly with any other person.  |
| 66  | Subject to the provisions of Article 87 hereunder, the executors or administrators or holders of  a such Succession Certificate or the legal representative of a deceased member, not being one  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | of two or more joint holders, shall be the only persons recognised by the Company as having  any title to the Shares registered in the name of such member, and the Company shall not be  bound to recognise such executors or administrators or holders of a Succession Certificate or  the legal representatives, unless such executors or administrators or legal representatives shall  have first obtained Probate or Letters of Administration or Succession Certificate, as the case  may be, from a duly constituted Court in the Union of India, provided that, in cases, the Board  may dispense with production of probate or letters of Administration or Succession Certificate  upon such terms as to indemnify or otherwise, as the Board, in its absolute discretion, may think  necessary, in the circumstances thereof, and, in pursuance of the Article 61 herein under, register  the name of any person, who claims to be absolutely entitled to the Shares standing in the name  of a deceased member, as a member.  |
| 67  | No Share shall, in any circumstances, be transferred to any infant, insolvent or person of  unsound mind, and that no Share, partly paid up, be issued, allotted or transferred to any minor,  whether alone or along with other transferees or allottees, as the case may be.  |
| 68  | So long as the director having unlimited liability has not discharged all liabilities, whether  present or future, in respect of the period for which he is and continues to be, so long, liable, he  shall not be entitled to transfer the Shares held by him or cease to be a member of the Stock  Exchange(s) to the end and intent that he shall continue to hold such minimum number of Shares  as were held by him prior to his becoming a director with unlimited liability.  |
| 69  | Subject to the provisions of Articles 64, 65 and 87 hereof, any person becoming entitled to  Shares in consequences of the death, lunacy, bankruptcy or insolvency or any member, or the  marriage of any female member or by any lawful means other than by a transfer in accordance  with these presents, may, with the consent of the Board, which it shall not be under any  obligation to give, upon producing such evidence that he sustains the character in respect of  which he proposes to act under the Article or of his title, as the Board thinks sufficient, either  be registered himself as the holder of the Share or elect to have some person, nominated by him  and approved by the Board, registered as such person, provided, nevertheless, that if such person  shall elect to have his nominee registered, he shall testify the election by executing in favour of  his nominee an instrument of transfer in accordance with the provisions herein to in these  Articles as “The Transmission Article”.  |
| 70  | Subject to the provisions of the Act, a person entitled to a Share by transmission shall, subject  to the right of the Directors to retain such dividend or money as hereinafter provided, be entitled  to receive and may be given a discharge for, any dividends or other moneys payable in respect  of the Share.  |
| 71  | No fees shall be charged for registration of transfer, transmission, probate, succession certificate  and letters of administration, certificate of death or marriage, power of attorney or similar  document.  |
| 72  | The Company shall incur no liability or responsibility whatever in consequence of its registering  or giving effect to any transfer of Shares made or purporting to be made by any apparent legal  owner thereof, as shown or appearing in the Register of Members, to the prejudice of persons  having or claiming any equitable right, title or interest to or in the said Shares, notwithstanding  that the Company may have had notice of such equitable right, title or interest or notice  prohibiting of such transfer, and may have entered such notice, referred thereto, in any book of  the Company, and the Company shall not be bound or required to regard or attend or give effect  any notice which may be given to it of any equitable right, title or interest, or be under any  liability whatsoever refusing or neglecting so to do, though it may have been entered or referred  to in some book of the Company, but the Company shall nevertheless be at liberty to regard and  attend to any such notice, and give effect thereto if the Board shall so think fit. |
|  | Dematerialisation of Securities  |
| 73  | Notwithstanding anything contained in the Articles, the Company shall be entitled to  dematerialise its shares, debentures and other securities and offer such shares, debentures and  other securities in a dematerialised form pursuant to the Depositories Act 1996.  |
| 74  | Notwithstanding anything contained in the Articles, and subject to the provisions of the law for  the time being in force, the Company shall on a request made by a beneficial owner, re- materialise the shares, which are in dematerialised form.  |
| 75  | Every Person subscribing to the shares offered by the Company shall have the option to receive  share certificates or to hold the shares with a Depository. Where Person opts to hold any share  with the Depository, the Company shall intimate such Depository of details of allotment of the  shares to enable the Depository to enter in its records the name of such Person as the beneficial  owner of such shares. Such a Person who is the beneficial owner of the shares can at any time  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | opt out of a Depository, if permitted by the law, in respect of any shares in the manner provided  by the Depositories Act 1996 and the Company shall in the manner and within the time  prescribed, issue to the beneficial owner the required certificate of shares. In the case of transfer  of shares or other marketable securities where the Company has not issued any certificates and  where such shares or securities are being held in an electronic and fungible form, the provisions  of the Depositories Act 1996 shall apply.  |
| 76  | If a Person opts to hold his shares with a Depository, the Company shall intimate such  Depository the details of allotment of the shares, and on receipt of the information, the  Depository shall enter in its record the name of the allottee as the beneficial owner of the shares  |
| 77  | All shares held by a Depository shall be dematerialised and shall be in a fungible form.  (a)  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in the Act or the Articles, a Depository  shall be deemed to be the registered owner for the purposes of effecting any transfer of  ownership of shares on behalf of the beneficial owner.  (b)  Save as otherwise provided in (a) above, the Depository as the registered owner of the  shares shall not have any voting rights or any other rights in respect of shares held by it.  |
| 78  | Every person holding shares of the Company and whose name is entered as the beneficial owner  in the records of the Depository shall be deemed to be the owner of such shares and shall also  be deemed to be a shareholder of the Company. The beneficial owner of the shares shall be  entitled to all the liabilities in respect of his shares which are held by a Depository. The  Company shall be further entitled to maintain a register of members with the details of members  holding shares both in material and dematerialised form in any medium as permitted by law  including any form of electronic medium.  |
| 79  | Notwithstanding anything in the Act or the Articles to the contrary, where shares are held in a  Depository, the records of the beneficial ownership may be served by such Depository on the  Company by means of electronic mode or by delivery of disks, drives or any other mode as  prescribed by law from time to time.  |
| 80  | Nothing contained in the Act or the Articles regarding the necessity to have distinctive numbers  for securities issued by the Company shall apply to securities held with a Depository.  |
|  | Conversion of Shares into Stock and Reconversion  |
| 81  | The Company, by resolution in general meeting, may convert any paid-up Shares into stock, or  may, at any time, reconvert any stock into paid up Shares of any denomination. When any  Shares shall have been converted into stock, the several holders of such stock may thenceforth  transfer their respective interests therein, or any part of such interest, in the same manner and,  subject to the same regulations as to which Shares in the Company may be transferred or as near  thereto as circumstances will admit. But the Directors may, from time to time, if they think fit,  fix the minimum amount of stock transferable, and restrict or forbid the transfer of fractions of  that minimum, but with full power nevertheless, at their discretion, to waive such rules in any  particular case. The notice of such conversion of Shares into stock or reconversion of stock into  Shares shall be filed with the Registrar of Companies as provided in the Act.  |
| 82  | The Stock shall confer on the holders thereof respectively the same privileges and advantages,  as regards participation in profits and voting at meetings of the Company and, for other  purposes, as would have been conferred by Shares of equal amount in the capital of the  Company of the same class as the Shares from which such stock was converted but no such  privilege or advantage, except the participation in profits of the Company, or in the assets of the  Company on a winding up, shall be conferred by any such aliquot part or, consolidated stock as  would not, if existing in Shares, have conferred such privileges or advantages. No such  conversion shall affect or prejudice any preference or other special privilege attached to the  Shares so converted. Save as aforesaid, all the provisions herein contained shall, so far as  circumstances will admit, apply to stock as well as to Shares and the words “Share” and  “Shareholder” in these presents shall include “stock” and “stock-holder”. |
| 83  | The Company may issue Share warrants in the manner provided by the said Act and accordingly  the Directors may, in their discretion, with respect to any fully paid up Share or stock, on  application, in writing, signed by the person or all persons registered as holder or holders of the  Share or stock, and authenticated by such evidence, if any, as the Directors may, from time to  time, require as to the identity of the person or persons signing the application, and on receiving  the certificate, if any, of the Share or stock and the amount of the stamp duty on the warrant and  such fee as the Directors may, from time to time, prescribe, issue, under the Seal of the  Company, a warrant, duly stamped, stating that the bearer of the warrant is entitled to the Shares  or stock therein specified, and may provide by coupons or otherwise for the payment of future  dividends, or other moneys, on the Shares or stock included in the warrant. On the issue of a  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | Share warrant the names of the persons then entered in the Register of Members as the holder  of the Shares or stock specified in the warrant shall be struck off the Register of Members and  the following particulars shall be entered therein.  (i)  fact of the issue of the warrant.  (ii)  a statement of the Shares or stock included in the warrant distinguishing each Share by its  number, and  (iii)  the date of the issue of the warrant.  |
| 84  | A Share warrant shall entitle the bearer to the Shares or stock included in it, and, notwithstanding  anything contained in these articles, the Shares or stock shall be transferred by the delivery of  the Share-warrant, and the provisions of the regulations of the Company with respect to transfer  and transmission of Shares shall not apply thereto.  |
| 85  | The bearer of a Share-warrant shall, on surrender of the warrant to the Company for  cancellation, and on payment of such fees, as the Directors may, from time to time, prescribe,  be entitled, subject to the discretion of the Directors, to have his name entered as a member in  the Register of Members in respect of the Shares or stock included in the warrant.  |
| 86  | The bearer of a Share-warrant shall not be considered to be a member of the Company and  accordingly save as herein otherwise expressly provided, no person shall, as the bearer of Share- warrant, sign a requisition for calling a meeting of the Company, or attend or vote or exercise  any other privileges of a member at a meeting of the Company, or be entitled to receive any  notice from the Company of meetings or otherwise, or qualified in respect of the Shares or stock  specified in the warrant for being a director of the Company, or have or exercise any other rights  of a member of the Company.  |
| 87  | The Directors may, from time to time, make rules as to the terms on which, if they shall think  fit, a new Share warrant or coupon may be issued by way of renewal in case of defacement,  loss, or destruction.  |
|  | Nomination by Security Holder  |
| 88  | (i)  Every holder of Securities in the Company may, at any time, nominate, in the prescribed  manner, a person to whom his Securities in the Company, shall vest in the event of his  death.  (ii)  Where the Securities in the Company are held by more than one person jointly, the joint- holders may together nominate, in the prescribed manner, a person to whom all the rights  in the Securities in the Company shall vest in the event of death of all joint holders.  (iii)  Notwithstanding anything contained in these Articles or any other law, for the time being,  in force, or in any disposition, whether testamentary or otherwise, in respect of such  Securities in the Company, where a nomination made in the prescribed manner purports to  confer on any person the right to vest the Securities in the Company, the nominee shall, on  the death of the Shareholders of the Company or, as the case may be, on the death of the  joint holders, become entitled to all the rights in the Securities of the Company or, as the  case may be, all the joint holders, in relation to such securities in the Company, to the  exclusion of all other persons, unless the nomination is varied or cancelled in the prescribed  manner.  (iv)  In the case of fully paid up Securities in the Company, where the nominee is a minor, it  shall be lawful for the holder of the Securities, to make the nomination to appoint in the  prescribed manner any person, being a guardian, to become entitled to Securities in the  Company, in the event of his death, during the minority. |
| 89  | (i)  Any person who becomes a nominee by virtue of the provisions of the preceding Article,  upon the production of such evidence as may be required by the Board and subject as  hereinafter provided, elect, either -  (a)  to be registered himself as holder of the Share(s); or  (b)  to make such transfer of the Share(s) as the deceased Shareholder could have made.  (ii)  If the person being a nominee, so becoming entitled, elects to be registered as holder of the  Share(s), himself, he shall deliver or send to the Company a notice in writing signed by him  stating that he so elects, and such notice shall be accompanied with the death certificate of  the deceased shareholder.  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | (iii)  All the limitations, restrictions and provisions of the Act relating to the right to transfer and  the registration of transfers of Securities shall be applicable to any such notice or transfer  as aforesaid as if the death of the member had not occurred and the notice or transfer has  been signed by that Shareholder.  (iv)  A person, being a nominee, becoming entitled to a Share by reason of the death of the  holder, shall be entitled to the same dividends and other advantages which he would be  entitled if he were the registered holder of the Share except that he shall not, before being  registered a member in respect of his Share be entitled in respect of it to exercise any right  conferred by membership in relation to meetings of the Company:  Provided that the Board may, at any time, give notice requiring any such person to elect  either to be registered himself or to transfer the Share(s) and if the notice is not complied  with within ninety days, the Board may thereafter withhold payment of all dividends,  bonuses or other moneys payable in respect of the Share(s) or until the requirements of the  notice have been complied with.  |
|  | Meeting of Members  |
| 90  | (i)  The Company shall, in each year, hold a general meeting as its Annual General Meeting.  Any meeting, other than Annual General Meeting, shall be called Extra-ordinary General  Meeting.  (ii)  Not more than 15 (Fifteen) months or such other period, as may be prescribed, from time  to time, under the Act, shall lapse between the date of one Annual General Meeting and  that of the next. Nothing contained in the foregoing provisions shall be taken as affecting  the right conferred upon the Registrar under the provisions of the Act to extend time within  which any Annual General Meeting may be held.  (iii)  Every Annual General Meeting shall be called for a time during business hours i.e., between  9 a.m. and 6 p.m., on a day that is not a National Holiday, and shall be held at the Office of  the Company or at some other place within the city, in which the Office of the Company is  situated, as the Board may think fit and determine and the notices calling the Meeting shall  specify it as the Annual General Meeting.  (iv)  Every member of the Company shall be entitled to attend, either in person or by proxy, and  by way of a postal ballot whenever and in the manner as may permitted or prescribed under  the provisions of the Act, and the Auditors to the Company, who shall have a right to attend  and to be heard, at any general meeting which he attends, on any part of the business, which  concerns him as the Auditors to the Company, further, the Directors, for the time being, of  the Company shall have a right to attend and to be heard, at any general meeting, on any  part of the business, which concerns them as the Directors of the Company or generally the  management of the Company.  At every Annual General Meeting of the Company, there shall be laid, on the table, the  Directors’ Report and Audited Statements of Account, Auditors’ Report, the proxy Register  with forms of proxies, as received by the Company, and the Register of Directors’ Share  holdings, which Register shall remain open and accessible during the continuance of the  meeting, and therefore in terms of the provisions of Section 96 of the Act, the Annual General  Meeting shall be held within six months after the expiry of such financial year. The Board of  Directors shall prepare the Annual List of Members, Summary of the Share Capital, Balance  Sheet and Profit and Loss Account and forward the same to the Registrar in accordance with  the applicable provisions of the Act. |
| 91  | The Board may, whenever it thinks fit, call an Extra-ordinary General Meeting and it shall do  so upon a requisition, in writing, by any member or members holding, in aggregate not less than  one-tenth or such other proportion or value, as may be prescribed, from time to time, under the  Act, of such of the paid-up capital as at that date carries the right of voting in regard to the  matter, in respect of which the requisition has been made.  |
| 92  | Any valid requisition so made by the members must state the object or objects of the meeting  proposed to be called, and must be signed by the requisitionists and be deposited at the office,  provided that such requisition may consist of several documents, in like form, each of which  has been signed by one or more requisitionists.  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|---:|:---|
|  93  | Upon receipt of any such requisition, the Board shall forthwith call an Extra-ordinary General  Meeting and if they do not proceed within 21 (Twenty-one) days or such other lessor period, as  may be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, from the date of the requisition, being  deposited at the office, to cause a meeting to be called on a day not later than 45 (Forty-five)  days or such other lessor period, as may be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, from  the date of deposit of the requisition, the requisitionists, or such of their number as represent  either a majority in value of the paid up Share capital held by all of them or not less than one- tenth of such of the paid up Share Capital of the Company as is referred to in Section 100(4) of  the Act, whichever is less, may themselves call the meeting, but, in either case, any meeting so  called shall be held within 3 (Three) months or such other period, as may be prescribed, from  time to time, under the Act, from the date of the delivery of the requisition as aforesaid.  |
|  94  | Any meeting called under the foregoing Articles by the requisitionists shall be called in the  same manner, as nearly as possible as that in which such meetings are to be called by the Board.  |
|  95  | At least 21 (Twenty-one) days’ notice, of every general meeting, Annual or Extra-ordinary, and  by whomsoever called, specifying the day, date, place and hour of meeting, and the general  nature of the business to be transacted there at, shall be given in the manner hereinafter provided,  to such persons as are under these Articles entitled to receive notice from the Company,  provided that in the case of an General Meeting, with the consent of members holding not less  than 95 per cent of such part of the paid up Share Capital of the Company as gives a right to  vote at the meeting, a meeting may be convened by a shorter notice. In the case of an Annual  General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Company, if any business other than  (i)  the consideration of the Accounts, Balance Sheet and Reports of the Board and the  Auditors thereon  (ii)  the declaration of dividend,  (iii)  appointment of directors in place of those retiring,  (iv)  the appointment of, and fixing the remuneration of, the Auditors,  is to be transacted, and in the case of any other meeting, in respect of any item of business, a  statement setting out all material facts concerning each such item of business, including, in  particular, the nature and extent of the interest, if any, therein of every director and manager, if  any, where any such item of special business relates to, or affects any other company, the extent  of shareholding interest in that other company or every director and manager, if any, of the  Company shall also be set out in the statement if the extent of such Share-holding interest is not  less than such percent, as may be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, of the paid-up  Share Capital of that other Company.  Where any item of business consists of the according of approval of the members to any  document at the meeting, the time and place, where such document can be inspected, shall be  specified in the statement aforesaid. |
|  96  | The accidental omission to give any such notice as aforesaid to any of the members, or the non- receipt thereof shall not invalidate any resolution passed at any such meeting.  |
|  97  | No general meeting, whether Annual or Extra-ordinary, shall be competent to enter upon,  discuss or transact any business which has not been mentioned in the notice or notices upon  which it was convened.  |
|  98  | Subject to the provisions of the Act and these Articles, five(5) shareholders shall constitute  quorum in Shareholders’ Meetings of the Company if number of shareholders as on date of  meeting is not more than One Thousand; Fifteen (15) shareholders shall constitute quorum in  Shareholders’ Meetings of the Company if number of shareholders as on date of meeting is  more than One Thousand but not more than Five Thousand; Thirty (30) shareholders shall  constitute quorum in Shareholders’ Meetings of the Company if number of shareholders as on  date of meeting exceeds five thousand.  |
|  99  | A body corporate, being a member, shall be deemed to be personally present, if it is represented  in accordance with and in the manner as may be prescribed by, the applicable provisions of the  Act.  |
|  100  | If, at the expiration of half an hour from the time appointed for holding a meeting of the  Company, a quorum shall not be present, then the meeting, if convened by or upon the  requisition of members, shall stand dissolved, but in any other case, it shall stand adjourned to  such time on the following day or such other day and to such place, as the Board may determine,  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | and, if no such time and place be determined, to the same day in the next week, at the same time  and place in the city or town in which the office of the Company is, for the time being, situate,  as the Board may determine, and, if at such adjourned meeting also, a quorum is not present, at  the expiration of half an hour from the time appointed for holding the meeting, the members  present shall be a quorum, and may transact the business for which the meeting was called.  |
| 101  | The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall be entitled to take the chair at every general  meeting, whether Annual or Extra-ordinary. If there be no such Chairman, or, if, at any meeting,  he shall not be present within 15 (Fifteen) minutes of the time appointed for holding such  meeting, then the members present shall elect another director as the Chairman of that meeting,  and, if no director be present, or if all the Directors present decline to take the Chair, then the  members present shall elect one among them to be the Chairman.  |
| 102  | No business shall be discussed at any general meeting, except the election of a Chairman, whilst  the Chair is vacant.  |
| 103  | The Chairman, with the consent of the meeting, may adjourn any meeting, from time to time,  and from place to place, in the city or town, in which the office of the Company is, for the time  being, situate, but no business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting, other than the  business left unfinished, at the meeting, from which the adjournment took place.  |
| 104  | At any general meeting, a resolution put to the vote of the meeting shall be decided on a show  of hands, unless a poll is demanded, before or on the declaration of the result of the show of  hands, by any member or members present in person or by proxy and holding Shares in the  Company, which confer a power to vote on the resolution not being less than one-tenth or such  other proportion as may statutorily be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act, of the total  voting power, in respect of the resolution or on which an aggregate sum of not less than Rs.  500,000/- or such other sum as may statutorily be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act,  has been paid up, and unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the Chairman that a resolution  has, on a show of hands, been carried unanimously or by a particular majority, or has been lost  and an entry to that effect in the minutes book of the Company shall be conclusive evidence of  the fact, without proof of the number or proportion of the votes recorded in favour of or against  that resolution. |
| 105  | In the case of an equality of votes, the Chairman shall, both on a show of hands and at a poll, if  any, have a casting vote in addition to the vote of votes, if any, to which he may be entitled as  a member if he is.  |
| 106  | If a poll is demanded as aforesaid, the same shall, subject to Article 108 hereunder, be taken at  Delhi or, if not desired, then at such other place as may be decided by the Board, at such time  not later than 48 (Forty-eight) hours from the time when the demand was made and place in the  city or town in which the office of the Company is, for the time being, situate, and, either by  open voting or by ballot, as the Chairman shall direct, and either at once or after an interval or  adjournment, or otherwise, and the result of the poll shall be deemed to be resolution of the  meeting at which the poll was demanded. The demand for a poll may be withdrawn at any time  by the persons, who made the demand.  |
| 107  | Where a poll is to be taken, the Chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or, at his discretion,  two scrutinisers, who may or may not be members of the Company to scrutinise the votes given  on the poll and to report thereon to him, subject to that one of the scrutinisers so appointed shall  always be a member, not being an officer or employee of the Company, present at the meeting,  provided that such a member is available and willing to be appointed. The Chairman shall have  power, at any time, before the result of the poll is declared, to remove a scrutiniser from office  and fill the vacancy so caused in the office of a scrutiniser arising from such removal or from  any other cause.  |
| 108  | Any poll duly demanded on the election of a Chairman of a meeting or on any question of  adjournment of the meeting shall be taken forthwith at the same meeting.  |
| 109  | The demand for a poll, except on questions of the election of the Chairman and of an  adjournment thereof, shall not prevent the continuance of a meeting for the transaction of any  business other than the question on which the poll has been demanded.  |
|  | Votes of Members  |
| 110  | No member shall be entitled to vote either personally or by proxy at any general meeting or  meeting of a class of Shareholders either upon a show of hands or upon a poll in respect of any  Shares registered in his name on which any calls or other sums presently payable by him have  not been paid or in regard to which the Company has, or has exercised, any right of lien.  |
| 111  | Subject to the provisions of these Articles and without prejudice to any special privileges or  restrictions so to voting, for the time being, attached to any class of Shares, for the time being,  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | forming part of the capital of the Company, every member, not disqualified by the last preceding  Article shall be entitled to be present, speak and vote at such meeting, and, on a show of hands,  every member, present in person, shall have one vote and, upon a poll, the voting right of every  member present in person or by proxy shall be in proportion to his Share of the paid-up Equity  Share Capital of the Company. Provided, however, if any preference Shareholder be present at  any meeting of the Company, subject to the provision of section 47, he shall have a right to vote  only on resolutions, placed before the meeting, which directly affect the rights attached to his  Preference Shares.  |
| 112  | On a poll taken at a meeting of the Company, a member entitled to more than one vote, or his  proxy or other person entitled to vote for him, as the case may be, need not, if he votes, use all  his votes or cast in the same way all the votes, he uses.  |
| 113  | A member of unsound mind or in respect of whom an order has been made by a court having  jurisdiction in lunacy, may vote, whether on a show of hands or on a poll, by his committee or  other legal guardian; and any such committee or guardian may, on a poll, vote by proxy. If any  member be a minor, the vote, in respect of his Share or Shares, be used by his guardian, or any  one of his guardians, if more than one, to be selected, in the case of dispute, by the Chairman of  the meeting.  |
| 114  | If there be joint registered holders of any Shares, any one of such persons may vote at any  meeting or may appoint another person, whether a member or not, as his proxy, in respect of  such Shares, as if he were solely entitled thereto, but the proxy so appointed shall not have any  right to speak at the meeting and, if more than one of such joint holders be present at any  meeting, then one of the said persons so present, whose name stands higher on the Register,  shall alone be entitled to speak and to vote in respect of such Shares, but the other of the joint  holders shall be entitled to be present at the meeting. Several executors or administrators of a  deceased member in whose name Shares stand shall, for the purpose of these Articles, be  deemed joint holders thereof. |
| 115  | Subject to the provisions of these Articles, votes may be given either personally or by proxy. A  body corporate, being a member, may vote either by a proxy or by a representative, duly  authorised, in accordance with the applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, and such  representative shall be entitled to exercise the same rights and powers, including the right to  vote by proxy, on behalf of the body corporate, which he represents, as that body corporate  could exercise, if it were an individual member.  |
| 116  | Any person entitled, under the Article 61 hereinabove, to transfer any Share, may vote, at any  general meeting, in respect thereof, in the same manner, as if he were the registered holder of  such Shares provided that forty-eight hours at least before the time of holding the meeting or  adjourned meeting, as the case may be, at which he proposes to vote, he shall satisfy the  Directors of his right to transfer such Shares and give such indemnity, if any, as the Directors  may require or the Directors shall have provisionally admitted his right to vote at such meeting  in respect thereof.  |
| 117  | Every proxy, whether a member or not, shall be appointed, in writing, under the hand of the  appointer or his attorney, or if such appointer is a body corporate under the common seal of  such corporate, or be signed by an officer or officers or any attorney duly authorised by it or  them, and, for a member of unsound mind or in respect of whom an order has been made by a  court having jurisdiction in lunacy, any committee or guardian may appoint such proxy. The  proxy so appointed shall not have a right to speak on any matter at the meeting.  |
| 118  | An instrument of Proxy may state the appointment of a proxy either for the purpose of a  particular meeting specified in the instrument and any adjournment thereof or it may appoint  for the purpose of every meeting of the Company or of every meeting to be held before a date  specified in the instrument and every adjournment of any such meeting.  |
| 119  | A member, present by proxy, shall be entitled to vote only on a poll.  |
| 120  | The instrument appointing a proxy and a Power of Attorney or other authority, if any, under  which it is signed or a notarised certified copy of that power of authority, shall be deposited at  the Office not later than 48 (Forty-eight) hours before the time for holding the meeting at which  the person named in the Instrument proposes to vote, and, in default, the Instrument of Proxy  shall not be treated as valid. No instrument appointing a proxy shall be a valid after the  expiration of 12 (Twelve) months or such other period as may be prescribed under the Laws,  for the time being, in force, or if there shall be no law, then as may be decided by the Directors,  from the date of its execution.  |
| 121  | Every Instrument of proxy, whether for a specified meeting or otherwise, shall, as nearly as  circumstances thereto will admit, be in any of the forms as may be prescribed from time to time.  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
| 122  | A vote, given in accordance with the terms of an Instrument of Proxy, shall be valid  notwithstanding the previous death of insanity of the principal, or revocation of the proxy or of  any power of Attorney under which such proxy was signed or the transfer of the Share in respect  of which the vote is given, provided that no intimation, in writing, of the death or insanity,  revocation or transfer shall have been received at the Office before the meeting.  |
| 123  | No objections shall be made to the validity of any vote, except at any meeting or poll at which  such vote shall be tendered, and every vote, whether given personally or by proxy, or not  disallowed at such meeting or on a poll, shall be deemed as valid for all purposes of such  meeting or a poll whatsoever.  |
| 124  | The Chairman, present at the time of taking of a poll, shall be the sole judge of the validity of  every vote tendered at such poll.  |
| 125  | (i)  The Company shall cause minutes of all proceeding of every general meeting to be  kept by making, within 30 (Thirty) days of the conclusion of every such meeting  concerned, entries thereof in books kept, whether manually in the registers or by way  of loose leaves bound together, as may be decided by the Board of Directors, for that  purpose with their pages consecutively numbered.  (ii)  Each page of every such book shall be initialled or signed and the last page of the  record of proceedings of each meeting in such book shall be dated and signed by the  Chairman of the same meeting within the aforesaid period of thirty days or in the event  of the death or inability of that Chairman within that period, by a director duly  authorised by the Board for that purpose.  (iii)  In no case the minutes of proceedings of a meeting shall be attached to any such book  as aforesaid by pasting or otherwise.  (iv)  The minutes of each meeting shall contain a fair and correct summary of the  proceedings there at.  (v)  All appointments made at any meeting aforesaid shall be included in the minutes of  the meeting.  (vi)  Nothing herein contained shall require or to be deemed to require the inclusion, in any  such minutes, of any matter, which, in the opinion of the Chairman of the meeting, (i)  is or could reasonably be regarded as, defamatory of any person, or (ii) is irrelevant or  immaterial to the proceedings, or (iii) is detrimental to the interests of the Company.  The Chairman of the meeting shall exercise an absolute discretion in regard to the  inclusion or non-inclusion of any matter in the minutes on the aforesaid grounds.  (vii)  Any such minutes shall be conclusive evidence of the proceedings recorded therein.  (viii)  The book containing the minutes of proceedings of general meetings shall be kept at  the Office of the Company and shall be open, during business hours, for such periods  not being less in the aggregate than 2 (Two) hours, in each day, as the Directors  determine, to the inspection of any member without charge.  (ix)  The Company shall also provide e-voting facility to the Shareholders of the Company  in terms of the provisions of the Companies (Management and Administration) Rules,  2014, the SEBI Listing Regulations or any other Law, if applicable to the Company. |
|  | Directors  |
| 126  | Until otherwise determined by a general meeting of the Company and, subject to the applicable  provisions of the Act, the number of Directors) shall not be less than three nor more than fifteen,  provided that the Company may appoint more than fifteen directors after passing a special  resolution. The Company shall have at the minimum such number of independent Directors on  the Board of the Company, as may be required in terms of the provisions of applicable law. In  addition, not less than two-thirds of the total number of Directors shall be persons whose period  of office is liable to determination by retirement of Directors by rotation. The Company shall  also comply with the provisions of the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)  Rules, 2014 and the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations.  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | The First directors of the Company are:  1. Mr. BASWARAJ MADHAVRAO BARGE  2. Mr. SHIVLING MADHAVRAO BARGE  3. Mr. SURAJ SHIVRAJ BARGE  |
| 127  | (i)  Whenever, Directors enter into a contract with any Government, whether central, state or  local, bank or financial institution or any person or persons (hereinafter referred to as “the  appointer”) for borrowing any money or for providing any guarantee or security or for  technical collaboration or assistance or for underwriting or enter into any other  arrangement whatsoever or in case of Promoters of the Company (hereinafter referred as  “Promoters”), the Directors shall have, subject to the provisions of Section 152 and other  applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, the power to agree that such appointer or  Promoters shall have the right to appoint or nominate by a notice, in writing, addressed to  the Company, one or more Directors on the Board (hereinafter referred to as “Special  Director”) for such period and upon such terms and conditions, as may be mentioned in  the agreement if any, and that such Director or Directors may or may not be liable to retire  by rotation, nor be required to hold any qualification Shares. The Directors may also agree  that any such Director or Directors may be removed, from time to time, by the appointer  or Promoter, entitled to appoint or nominate them and the appointer or Promoter may  appoint another or others in his or their place and also fill in vacancy, which may occur as  a result of any such director or directors ceasing to hold that office for any reasons  whatsoever. The Directors, appointed or nominated under this Article, shall be entitled to  exercise and enjoy all or any of the rights and privileges exercised and enjoyed by the  directors of the Company including payment of remuneration, sitting fees and travelling  expenses to such director or directors, as may be agreed by the Company with the  appointer.  (ii)  The Company shall have such number of Independent Directors on the Board or  Committees of the Board of the Company, as may be required in terms of the provisions  of Section 149 of the Act and the Companies (Appointment and Qualification of Directors)  Rules, 2014, SEBI Listing Regulations or any other Law, as may be applicable. Further,  the appointment of such Independent Directors shall be in terms of the aforesaid  provisions of Law and subject to the requirements prescribed under the SEBI Listing  Regulations.  (iii)  The Special Directors, appointed under the preceding Article, shall be entitled to hold  Office until required by the Government, person, firm, body corporate promoters or  financial institution/s who may have appointed them. A Special Director shall not be  required to hold any qualification Share(s) in the Company. As and when a Special  Director vacates Office, whether upon request as aforesaid or by death, resignation or  otherwise, the Government, person, firm or body corporate promoters or financial  institution, who appointed such Special Director, may appoint another director in his  place. Every nomination, appointment or removal of a Special Director or other  notification, under this Article, shall be in writing and shall, in the case of the Government,  be under the hand of a Secretary or some other responsible and authorised official to such  Government, and in the case of a company or financial institution, under the hand of  director of such company or institution duly authorised in that behalf by a resolution of  the Board of Directors. Subject as aforesaid, a Special Director shall be entitled to the  same rights and privileges and be subject to the same of obligations as any other director  of the Company. |
| 128  | If it is provided by the Trust Deed, securing or otherwise, in connection with any issue of  Debentures of the Company, that any person or persons shall have power to nominate a director  of the Company, then in the case of any and every such issue of Debentures, the person or  persons having such power may exercise such power, from time to time, and appoint a director  accordingly. Any director so appointed is hereinafter referred to as “the Debenture Director”. A  Debenture Director may be removed from Office, at any time, by the person or persons in whom,  for the time being, is vested the power, under which he was appointed, and another director may  be appointed in his place. A Debenture Director shall not be required to hold any qualification  Share(s) in the Company.  |
| 129  | Subject to the provisions of section 161(2) of the Act, 2013, The Board may appoint an alternate  director to act for a director (hereinafter called “the Original Director”) during his absence for  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | a period of not less than 3 (Three) months or such other period as may be, from time to time,  prescribed under the Act, from India, in which the meetings of Board are ordinarily held. An  alternate director appointed, under this Article, shall not hold Office for a period longer than  that permissible to the Original Director in whose place he has been appointed and shall vacate  Office, if and when the Original Director returns to that State. If the term of Office of the  Original Director is determined before he so returns to that State, any provisions in the Act or  in these Articles for the automatic re-appointment of a retiring director, in default of another  appointment, shall apply to the original director and not to the alternate director.  |
| 130  | Subject to the provisions of section 161(1) of the Act, 2013, the Board shall have power, at any  time and from time to time, to appoint any other qualified person to be an Additional Director,  but so that the total number of Directors shall not, at any time, exceed the maximum fixed under  these Articles. Any such Additional Director shall hold Office only upto the date of the next  Annual General Meeting.  |
| 131  | Subject to the provisions of section 152 and 162 of the Act, 2013, the Board shall have power,  at any time and from time to time, to appoint any other qualified person to be a director to fill a  casual vacancy. Any person so appointed shall hold Office only upto the date, upto which the  director in whose place he is appointed would have held Office if it had not been vacated by  him.  |
| 132  | A director shall not be required to hold any qualification Share(s) in the Company.  |
| 133  | (i)  Subject to the provisions of section 196, 197 and read with schedule V of the Companies  Act, 2013and other provisions of the Act, the Rules, Law including the provisions of the  SEBI Listing Regulations, a Managing Director or Director who is in the Whole-time  employment of the Company may be paid remuneration either by way of a monthly  payment or at a specified percentage of the net profits of the Company or partly by one way  and partly by the other, or in any other manner, as may be, from time to time, permitted  under the Act or as may be thought fit and proper by the Board or, if prescribed under the  Act, by the Company in general meeting.  (ii)  Subject generally to the provisions of the Act, and, in the case of the Managing Director,  subject to the provisions of the Articles herein below, as may be applicable, the Board shall  have power to pay such remuneration to a director for his services, Whole-time or  otherwise, rendered to the Company or for services of professional or other nature rendered  by him, as may be determined by the Board. If any director, being willing, shall be called  upon to perform extra services or make any special exception in going to or residing at a  place other than the place where the director usually resides, or otherwise in or for the  Company’s business or for any of the purpose of the Company, then, subject to the  provisions of the Act, the Board shall have power to pay to such director such remuneration,  as may be determined by the Board.  (iii)  Subject to the provisions of the Act, a director, who is neither in the Whole-time  employment nor a Managing Director, may be paid remuneration either;  (a)  by way of monthly, quarterly or annual payment with the approval of the Central  Government; or  (b)  by way of commission, if the Company, by a special resolution, authorises such  payment.  (iv)  The fee payable to a director, excluding a Managing or Whole time Director, if any, for  attending a meeting of the Board or Committee thereof shall be such sum, as the Board  may, from time to time, determine, but within and subject to the limit prescribed by the  Central Government pursuant to the provisions, for the time being, under the Act. |
| 134  | The Board may allow and pay to any director such sum, as the Board may consider fair  compensation, for travelling, boarding, lodging and other expenses, in addition to his fee for  attending such meeting as above specified and if any director be called upon to go or reside out  of the ordinary place of his residence for the Company’s business, he shall be entitled to be  repaid and reimbursed of any travelling or other expenses incurred in connection with business  of the Company. The Board may also permit the use of the Company’s car or other vehicle,  telephone(s) or any such other facility, by the director, only for the business of the Company.  |
| 135  | The continuing Directors may act, notwithstanding, any vacancy in their body but if, and so  long as their number is not reduced below the minimum number fixed by Article 111 hereof.  the continuing Directors, not being less than two, may only act, for the purpose of increasing  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | the number of Directors to that prescribed minimum number or of summoning a general meeting  but for no other purpose.  |
| 136  | The office of director shall be vacated, pursuant to the provisions of section 164 and section 167  of the Companies Act, 2013. Further, the Director may resign his office by giving notice to the  Company pursuant to section 168 of the Companies Act, 2013.  |
| 137  | The Company shall keep a Register, in accordance with Section 189(1) of the Act, and within  the time as may be prescribed, enter therein such of the particulars, as may be relevant having  regard to the application thereto of Section184 or Section 188 of the Act, as the case may be.  The Register aforesaid shall also specify, in relation to each director of the Company, names of  the bodies corporate and firms of which notice has been given by him, under the preceding two  Articles. The Register shall be kept at the Office of the Company and shall be open to inspection  at such Office, and the extracts may be taken there from and copies thereof may be required by  any member of the Company to the same extent, in the same manner, and on payment of the  same fee as in the case of the Register of Members of the Company and the provisions of Section  189(3) of the Act shall apply accordingly.  |
| 138  | A director may be or become a director of any other Company promoted by the Company or in  which it may be interested as a vendor, Shareholder or otherwise, and no such director shall be  accountable for any benefits received as director or Shareholder of such Company except in so  far as the provisions of the Act may be applicable.  |
| 139  | (i)  At every Annual General Meeting of the Company, one-third of such of the Directors, for  the time being, as are liable to retire by rotation or if their number is not three or a multiple  of three, the number nearest to one-third shall retire from Office. The Independent,  Nominee, Special and Debenture Directors, if any, shall not be subject to retirement under  this clause and shall not be taken into account in determining the rotation of retirement or  the number of directors to retire, subject to Section 152 and other applicable provisions, if  any, of the Act.  (ii)  Subject to Section 152 of the Act, the directors, liable to retire by rotation, at every annual  general meeting, shall be those, who have been longest in Office since their last  appointment, but as between the persons, who became Directors on the same day, and those  who are liable to retire by rotation, shall, in default of and subject to any agreement among  themselves, be determined by lot.  |
| 140  | A retiring director shall be eligible for re-election and shall act as a director throughout the  meeting at which he retires.  |
| 141  | Subject to Section 152 of the Act, the Company, at the general meeting at which a director  retires in manner aforesaid, may fill up the vacated Office by electing a person thereto.  |
| 142  | (i)  If the place of retiring director is not so filled up and further the meeting has not expressly  resolved not to fill the vacancy, the meeting shall stand adjourned till the same day in the  next week, at the same time and place or if that day is a public holiday, till the next  succeeding day, which is not a public holiday, at the same time and place.  (ii)  If at the adjourned meeting also, the place of the retiring director is not filled up and that  meeting also has not expressly resolved not to fill the vacancy, the retiring director shall be  deemed to have been re-appointed at the adjourned meetings, unless:  (a)  at that meeting or at the previous meeting, resolution for the re-appointment of such  director has been put to the meeting and lost;  (b)  the retiring director has, by a notice, in writing, addressed to the Company or its Board,  expressed his unwillingness to be so re-appointed;  (c)  he is not qualified, or is disqualified, for appointment.  (d)  a resolution, whether special or ordinary, is required for the appointment or  reappointment by virtue of any provisions of the Act; or  (e)  Section 162 of the Act is applicable to the case. |
| 143  | Subject to the provisions of Section 149 of the Act, the Company may, by special resolution,  from time to time, increase or reduce the number of directors, and may alter their qualifications  and the Company may, subject to the provisions of Section 169 of the Act, remove any director  before the expiration of his period of Office and appoint another qualified person in his stead.  The person so appointed shall hold Office during such time as the director, in whose place he is  appointed, would have held, had he not been removed.  |
| 144  | (i)  No person, not being a retiring director, shall be eligible for appointment to the office of  director at any general meeting unless he or some member, intending to propose him, has,  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | not less than 14 (Fourteen) days or such other period, as may be prescribed, from time to  time, under the Act, before the meeting, left at the Office of the Company, a notice, in  writing, under his hand, signifying his candidature for the Office of director or an intention  of such member to propose him as a candidate for that office, along with a deposit of Rupees  One lakh or such other amount as may be prescribed, from time to time, under the Act,  which shall be refunded to such person or, as the case may be, to such member, if the person  succeeds in getting elected as a director or gets more than twenty-five per cent of total valid  votes cast either on show of hands or on poll on such resolution.  (ii)  Every person, other than a director retiring by rotation or otherwise or a person who has  left at the Office of the Company a notice under Section 160 of the Act signifying his  candidature for the Office of a director, proposed as a candidate for the Office of a director  shall sign and file with the Company, the consent, in writing, to act as a director, if  appointed.  (iii)  A person, other than a director re-appointed after retirement by rotation immediately on the  expiry of his term of Office, or an Additional or Alternate Director, or a person filling a  casual vacancy in the Office of a director under Section 161 of the Act, appointed as a  director or reappointed as a director immediately on the expiry of his term of Office, shall  not act as a director of the Company, unless he has, within thirty days of his appointment,  signed and filed with the Registrar his consent, in writing, to act as such director. |
| 145  | The Company shall keep at its Office a Register containing the particulars of its directors and  key managerial personnel and their shareholding as mentioned in Section 170 of the Act, and  shall otherwise comply with the provisions of the said Section in all respects.  |
| 146  | Every director and Key Managerial Personnel within a period of thirty days of his appointment,  or relinquishment of his office, as the case may be, disclose to the company the particulars  specified in sub-section (1) of section 184 relating to his concern or interest in any company or  companies or bodies corporate (including shareholding interest), firms or other association  which are required to be included in the register under that section 189 of the Companies Act,  2013.  |
|  | Managing Director  |
| 147  | (i)  Subject to the provisions of the Act and of these Articles, the Board shall have power to  appoint, from time to time, any of its member as a Managing Director or Managing Directors  of the Company for a fixed term, not exceeding 5 (Five) years at a time, and upon such  remuneration and terms and conditions as the Board thinks fit, and subject to the provisions  of any contract between him and the Company, remove or dismiss him from office and  appoint another in his place and subject to the provisions of the succeeding Article hereof,  the Board may, by resolution, vest in such Managing Director or Managing Directors such  of the powers hereby vested in the Board generally, as it thinks fit, and such powers may be  made exercisable for such period or periods; and upon such conditions and subject to such  restrictions, as it may determine. The remuneration of a Managing Director may be by way  of salary and/or allowances, commission or participation in profits or perquisites of any  kind, nature or description, or by any or all of these modes, or by any other mode(s) not  expressly prohibited by the Act or the Rules made thereunder, or any notification or circular  issued under the Act.  |
| 148  | Subject to the superintendence, directions and control of the Board, the Managing Director or  Managing Directors shall exercise the powers, except to the extent mentioned in the matters, in  respect of which resolutions are required to be passed only at the meeting of the Board, under  Section 179 of the Act and the rules made thereunder.  |
|  | Proceedings of the Board of Directors  |
| 149  | Unless decided by the Board to the contrary, depending upon the circumstances of the case, a  Managing Director shall not, while he continues to hold that office, be subject to retirement by  rotation, in accordance with the Article 124 hereof. If he ceases to hold the office of director,  he shall ipso-facto and forthwith ceases to hold the office of Managing Director.  |
| 150  | The Directors may meet together as a Board for the despatch of business, from time to time, and  shall so meet at least once in every 3 (Three) months and at least 4 (Four) such meetings shall  be held in every year in such a manner that not more than one hundred and twenty days (120)  days shall intervene between two consecutive meetings of the Board. The Directors may adjourn  and otherwise regulate their meetings as they think fit, subject to the provisions of the Act. The  Board of directors may participate in a meeting of the Board either in person or through video  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | conferencing or other audio-visual means, as may be prescribed, which are capable of recording  and recognising the participation of the directors and of recording and storing the proceedings  of such meetings along with date and time subject to the rules as may be prescribed.  |
| 151  | Not less than seven (7) days’ Notice of every meeting of the Board may be given, in writing, in  writing to every director at his address registered with the company and such notice shall be  sent by hand delivery or by post or by electronic means. Subject to the provisions of section  173(3) meeting may be called at shorter notice.  |
| 152  | Subject to Section 174 of the Act, the quorum for a meeting of the Board shall be one-third of  its total strength, excluding Directors, if any, whose places may be vacant at the time and any  fraction contained in that one-third being rounded off as one, or two directors, whichever is  higher, provided that where, at any time, the number of interested directors exceeds or is equal  to two-thirds of the total strength the number of the remaining directors, that is to say, the  number of directors who are not interested, present at the meeting, being not less than two, shall  be the quorum, during such time.  |
| 153  | If a meeting of the Board could not be held for want of quorum, then the meeting shall  automatically stand adjourned for 30 minutes in the same day and at same place.  |
| 154  | A director may, at any time, or Secretary shall, as and when directed by the any of the Directors  to do so, convene a meeting of the Board, by giving a notice, in writing, to every other director.  |
| 155  | The Board may, from time to time, elect one of their members to be the Chairman of the Board  and determine the period for which he is to hold the office. If at any meeting of the Board, the  Chairman is not present at a time appointed for holding the same, the directors present shall  choose one of them, being present, to be the Chairman of such meeting.  |
| 156  | Subject to the restrictive provisions of any agreement or understanding as entered into by the  Company with any other person(s) such as the collaborators, financial institutions, etc., the  questions arising at any meeting of the Board shall be decided by a majority of the votes of the  directors present there at and, also subject to the foregoing, in the case of an equality of votes,  the Chairman shall have a second or casting vote.  |
| 157  | A meeting of the Board, at which a quorum is present, shall be competent to exercise all or any  of the authorities, powers and discretions, which, by or under the Act or the Articles of the  Company, are, for the time being, vested in or exercisable by the Board generally.  |
| 158  | Applicable provisions of the Act, the Rules, Law including the provisions of the SEBI Listing  Regulations. Subject to the restrictions contained in Section 179 of the Act 2013 and the rules  made thereunder, the Board may delegate any of their powers to the committee of the Board,  consisting of such number of its body, as it thinks fit, and it may, from time to time, revoke and  discharge any such committee of the Board, either wholly or in part and either as to persons or  purposes, but every committee of the Board, so formed, shall, in the exercise of the powers so  delegated, conform to any regulations that may, from time to time, be imposed on it by the  Board. All acts done by any such committee of the Board, in conformity with such regulations,  and in fulfilment of the purposes of their appointment but not otherwise, shall have the like  force and effect as if were done by the Board. |
| 159  | The meetings and proceedings of any meeting of such Committee of the Board, consisting of  two or more members, shall be governed by the provisions contained herein for regulating the  meetings and proceedings of the meetings of the directors, so far as the same are applicable  thereto and are not superseded by any regulations made by the Directors under the last preceding  Article.  |
| 160  | No resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed by the Board or by a Committee thereof  by circulation, unless the resolution has been circulated in draft, together with the necessary  papers, if any, to all the directors or to all the members of the Committee, then in India, not  being less in number than the quorum fixed for a meeting of the Board or Committee, as the  case may be, and to all the directors or to all the members of the Committee, at their usual  addresses in India and has been approved, in writing, by such of the directors or members of the  Committee as are then in India, or by a majority of such of them, as are entitled to vote on the  resolution.  |
| 161  | All acts done by any meeting of the Board or by a Committee of the Board, or by any person  acting as a director shall notwithstanding that it shall, afterwards, be discovered that there was  some defect in the appointment of such director or persons acting as aforesaid or that they or  any of them were or was, as the case may be, disqualified or had vacated office or that the  appointment of any of them was disqualified or had vacated office or that the appointment of  any of them had been terminated by virtue of any provisions contained in the Act or in these  Articles, be as valid as if every such person had duly been appointed and was qualified to be a  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | director and had not vacated his office or his appointed had not been terminated, provided that  nothing in this Article shall be deemed to give validity to any act or acts done by a director or  directors after his or their appointment(s) has or have been shown to the Company to be invalid  or to have terminated.  |
| 162  | (i)  The Company shall cause minutes of all proceedings of every meeting of the Board and  the Committee thereof to be kept by making, within 30 (Thirty) days of the conclusion  of each such meeting, entries thereof in books kept, whether manually in the registers or  by way of loose leaves bound together, as may be decided by the Board of Directors, for  that purpose with their pages consecutively numbered.  (ii)  Each page of every such book shall be initialled or signed and the last page of the record  of proceedings of each meeting in such book shall be dated and signed by the Chairman  of the said meeting or the Chairman of the next succeeding meeting.  (iii)  In no case, the minutes of proceedings of a meeting shall be attached to any such book  as aforesaid by pasting or otherwise.  (iv)  The minutes of each meeting shall contain a fair and correct summary of the proceedings  thereat.  (v)  All appointment made at any of the meetings aforesaid shall be included in the minutes  of the meeting.  (vi)  The minutes shall also contain:  (a)  the names of the Directors present at the meeting; and  (b)  in the case of each resolution passed at the meeting, the names of the directors, if  any dissenting from or not concurring in the resolution.  (vii)  Nothing contained in sub-clauses (i) to (vii) shall be deemed to require the inclusion in  any such minutes of any matter which, in the opinion of the Chairman of the meeting -  (a)  is, or could reasonably be regarded as, defamatory of any person;  (b)  is irrelevant or immaterial to the proceedings; or  (c)  is detrimental to the interests of the Company;  and that the Chairman shall exercise an absolute discretion with regard to the inclusion or non- inclusion of any matter in the minutes on the ground specified in this sub-clause.  (viii)  Minutes of the meetings kept in accordance with the aforesaid provisions shall be an  evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. |
| 163  | Without prejudice to the general powers as well as those under the Act, and so as not in any way  to limit or restrict those powers, and without prejudice to the other powers conferred by these  Articles or otherwise, it is hereby declared that the Directors shall have, inter alia, the following  powers, that is to say, power -  (i)  to pay the costs, charges and expenses, preliminary and incidental to the promotion,  formation, establishment and registration of the Company;  (ii)  to pay and charge, to the account of the Company, any commission or interest lawfully  payable thereon under the provision of the Act;  (iii)  subject to the provisions of the Act, to purchase or otherwise acquire for the Company  any property, rights or privileges, which the Company is authorised to acquire, at or  for such price or consideration and generally on such terms and conditions as they may  think fit and being in the interests of the Company, and in any such purchase or other  acquisition to accept such title or to obtain such right as the directors may believe or  may be advised to be reasonably satisfactory;  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | (iv)  at their discretion and subject to the provisions of the Act, to pay for any property, right  or privileges acquired by or services rendered to the Company, either wholly or  partially, in cash or in Shares, Bonds, Debentures, mortgages, or other securities of the  Company, and any such Shares may be issued either as fully paid up, with such amount  credited as paid up thereon, as may be agreed upon, and any such bonds, Debentures,  mortgages or other securities may either be specifically charged upon all or any part of  the properties of the Company and its uncalled capital or not so charged;  (v)  to secure the fulfilment of any contracts or engagement entered into by the Company  or, in the interests or for the purposes of this Company, by, with or against any other  Company, firm or person, by mortgage or charge of all or any of the properties of the  Company and its uncalled capital, for the time being, or in such manner and to such  extent as they may think fit;  (vi)  to accept from any member, as far as may be permissible by law, a surrender of his  Shares or any part thereof, whether under buy-back or otherwise, on such terms and  conditions as shall be agreed mutually, and as may be permitted, from time to time,  under the Act or any other Law or the Regulations, for the time being, in force,  (vii)  to appoint any person to accept and hold in trust, for the Company, any property  belonging to the Company, in which it is interested, or for any other purposes, and  execute and do all such deeds and things as may be required in relation to any trust,  and to provide for the remuneration of such trustee or trustees;  (viii)  to institute, conduct, defend, compound or abandon any legal proceedings by or against  the Company or its Officers, or otherwise concerning the affairs of the Company, and  also to compound and allow time for payment or satisfaction of any debts, due and of  any differences to arbitration and observe and perform any awards made thereon;  (ix)  to act on behalf of the Company in all matters relating to bankruptcy and insolvents;  (x)  to make and give receipts, releases and other discharges for moneys payable to the  Company and for the claims and demands of the Company;  (xi)  subject to the applicable provisions of the Act, to invest and deal with any moneys of  the Company not immediately required for the purposes thereof upon such security,  not being Shares of this Company, or without security and in such manner, as they may  think fit, and from time to time, to vary or realise such investments, save as provided  in Section 49 of the Act, all investments shall be made and held in the Company’s own  name;  (xii)  to execute, in the name and on behalf of the Company, in favour of any director or  other person, who may incur or be about to incur any personal liability whether as  principal or surety, for the benefit or purposes of the Company, such mortgages of the  Company’s property, present and future, as they may think fit, and any such mortgage  may contain a power of sale and such other powers, provisions, covenants and  agreements as shall be agreed upon;  (xiii)  to determine from time to time, who shall be entitled to sign, on behalf of the Company,  bills, invoices, notes, receipts, acceptances, endorsements, cheques, dividend warrants,  releases, contracts and or any other document or documents and to give the necessary  authority for such purpose, and further to operate the banking or any other kinds of  accounts, maintained in the name of and for the business of the Company;  (xiv)  to distribute, by way of bonus, incentive or otherwise, amongst the employees of the  Company, a Share or Shares in the profits of the Company, and to give to any staff,  officer or others employed by the Company a commission on the profits of any  particular business or transaction, and to charge any such bonus, incentive or |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | commission paid by the Company as a part of the operational expenditure of the  Company;  (xv)  to provide for the welfare of directors or ex-directors, Shareholders, for the time being,  or employees or ex-employees of the Company and their wives, widows and families  or the dependents or connections of such persons, by building or contributing to the  building of houses or dwellings, or grants of moneys, whether as a gift or otherwise,  pension, gratuities, allowances, bonus, loyalty bonuses or other payments, also whether  by way of monetary payments or otherwise, or by creating and from time to time,  subscribing or contributing to provident and other association, institutions, funds or  trusts and by providing or subscribing or contributing towards places of worship,  instructions and recreation, hospitals and dispensaries, medical and other attendance  and other assistance, as the Board shall think fit, and to subscribe or contribute or  otherwise to assist or to guarantee money to charitable, benevolent, religious,  scientific, national or other institutions or objects, which shall have any moral or other  claim to support or aid by the Company, either by reason of locality or place of  operations, or of public and general utility or otherwise;  (xvi)  before recommending any dividend, to set aside out of the profits of the Company such  sums, as the Board may think proper, for depreciation or to a Depreciation Fund, or to  an Insurance Fund, a Reserve Fund, Capital Redemption Fund, Dividend Equalisation  Fund, Sinking Fund or any Special Fund to meet contingencies or to repay debentures  or debenture-stock, or for special dividends or for equalising dividends or for repairing,  improving, extending and maintaining any of the property of the Company and for  such other purposes, including the purposes referred to in the preceding clause, as the  Board may, in their absolute discretion, think conducive to the interests of the  Company and, subject to the provisions of the Act, to invest the several sums so set  aside or so much thereof, as required to be invested, upon such investments, other than  shares of the Company, as they may think fit, and from time to time, to deal with and  vary such investments and dispose of and apply and expend all or any part thereof for  the benefit of the Company, in such manner and for such purposes, as the Board, in  their absolute discretion, think conducive to the interests of the Company,  notwithstanding, that the matter, to which the Board apply or upon which they expend  the same, or any part thereof, may be matters to or upon which the capital moneys of  the Company might rightly be applied or expended, and to divide the Reserve Fund  into such special funds, as the Board may think fit, with full power to transfer the whole  or any portion of a Reserve Fund or divisions of a Reserve Fund and with full powers  to employ the assets constituting all or any of the above funds, including the  Depreciation Fund, in the business of the Company or in the purchase of or repayment  of debentures or debenture stock and without being bound to keep the same separate  from the other assets and without being bound to pay interest on the same with power  however to the Board at their discretion to pay or allow to the credit of such funds  interest at such rate as the Board may think proper, subject to the provisions of the  applicable laws, for the time being, in force.  (xvii)  to appoint and at their discretion, remove or suspend such general managers,  secretaries, assistants, supervisors, clerks, agents and servants or other employees, in  or for permanent, temporary or special services, as they may, from time to time, think  fit, and to determine their powers and duties and to fix their salaries, emoluments or  remuneration of such amount, as they may think fit.  (xviii)  to comply with the requirements of any local laws, Rules or Regulations, which, in  their opinion, it shall, in the interests of the Company, be necessary or expedient to  comply with.  (xix)  at any time, and from time to time, by power of attorney, under the Seal of the  Company, to appoint any person or persons to be the attorney or attorneys of the  Company, for such purposes and with such powers, authorities and discretions, not  exceeding those vested in or exercisable by the Board under these presents and  excluding the powers to make calls and excluding also except in their limits authorised |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | by the Board the power to make loans and borrow moneys, and for such period and  subject to such conditions as the Board may, from time to time, think fit, and any such  appointment may, if the Board thinks fit, be made in favour of the members or in favour  of any Company, or the Share-holders, directors, nominees, or managers of any  Company or firm or otherwise in favour of any fluctuating body of persons whether  nominated directly or indirectly by the Board and any such Power of Attorney may  contain such powers for the protection of convenience of person dealing with such  Attorneys, as the Board may think fit, and may contain powers enabling any such  delegates all or any of the powers, authorities and discretions, for the time being, vested  in them;  (xx)  Subject to the provisions of the Act, for or in relation to any of the matters, aforesaid  or otherwise, for the purposes of the Company, to enter into all such negotiations and  contracts and rescind and vary all such contracts, and execute and do all such contracts,  and execute and do all such acts, deeds and things in the name and on behalf of the  Company, as they may consider expedient;  (xxi)  from time to time, make, vary and repeal bylaws for the regulation of the business of  the Company, its Officers and Servants. |
|  | Management  |
| 164  | The Company shall not appoint or employ, at the same time, more than one of the following  categories of managerial personnel, namely  (i)  Managing Director, and  (ii)  Manager.  |
|  | Chief Executive Officer, Manager, Company Secretary or Chief Financial Officer  |
| 165  | Subject to the provisions of the Act,  (i)  A chief executive officer, manager, company secretary, chief financial officer may be  appointed by the Board for such term, at such remuneration and upon such conditions as  it may think fit; and any chief executive officer, manager, company secretary, chief  financial officer so appointed may be removed by means of a resolution of the Board;  (ii)  A director may be appointed as chief executive officer, manager, company secretary, chief  financial officer.  |
| 166  | A provision of the Act or these regulations requiring or authorising a thing to be done by or to  a director and chief executive officer, manager, company secretary, chief financial officer shall  not be satisfied by its being done by or to the same person acting both as director and as, or in  place of, chief executive officer, manager, company secretary, chief financial officer.  |
|  | Copies of Memorandum and Articles to be sent to Members  |
| 167  | Copies of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company and other documents,  referred to in Section 17 of the Act, shall be sent by the Company to every member, at his  request, within 7 (Seven) days of the request, on payment, if required by the Board, of the sum  of Re.1/- (Rupee One Only) or such other higher sum, as may be prescribed, from time to time,  under the Act and further decided, from time to time, by the Board, for each such copy.  |
|  | Seal  |
| 168  | (i)  The Board shall provide a Common Seal for the purposes of the Company, and shall have  power, from time to time, to destroy the same and substitute a new Seal in lieu thereof, and  the Board shall provide for the safe custody of the Seal, for the time being, and that the Seal  shall never be used except by the authority of the Board or a Committee of the Board  previously given. The Common Seal of the Company shall be kept at its office or at such  other place, in India, as the Board thinks fit.  The seal, if any, shall not be affixed to any instrument except by the authority of a resolution of  the Board or a committee of the Board authorised by it in that behalf, and except in the presence  of such persons as the Board may authorise for the purpose and as may be required under  applicable law.  |
|  | Dividend  |
| 169  | The profits of the Company, subject to any special rights relating thereto created or authorised  to be created by these Articles, and further subject to the provisions of these Articles, shall be  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | divisible among the members in proportion to the amount of capital paid up or credited as paid  up to the Shares held by them, respectively.  |
| 170  | The Company, in general meeting, may declare that dividends be paid to the members according  to their respective rights, but no dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the Board,  but the Company may, in general meeting, declare a smaller dividend than was recommended  by the Board.  |
| 171  | Subject to the applicable provisions of the Act, no dividend shall be declared or paid otherwise  than out of profits of the financial year arrived at after providing for depreciation in accordance  with the provisions of the Act or out of the profits of the Company for any previous financial  year or years arrived at after providing for depreciation in accordance with these provisions and  remaining undistributed or out of both provided that:-  (i)  if the Company has not provided for any previous financial year or years it shall, before  declaring or paying a dividend for any financial year, provide for such depreciation out of  the profits of the financial year or out of the profits of any other previous financial year or  years;  (ii)  if the Company has incurred any loss in any previous financial year or years the amount  of loss or an amount which is equal to the amount provided for depreciation for that year  or those years whichever is less, shall be set off against the profits of the Company for the  year for which the dividend is proposed to be declared or paid as against the profits of the  Company for any financial year or years arrived at in both cases after providing for  depreciation in accordance with the provisions of schedule II of the Act. |
| 172  | The Board may, from time to time, pay to the members such interim dividend, as in their  judgement, the position of the Company justifies.  |
| 173  | Where capital is paid in advance of calls, such capital may carry interest as may be decided,  from time to time, by the Board, but shall not, in respect thereof, confer a right to dividend or  to participate in profits.  |
| 174  | All dividends shall be apportioned and paid proportionately to the amounts paid up on the shares  during which any portion or portions of the period in respect of which the dividend is paid up;  but if any Share is issued on the terms providing that it shall rank for dividend as from a  particular date or on such preferred rights, such Share shall rank for dividend accordingly.  |
| 175  | The Board may retain the dividends payable upon Shares in respect of which any person is,  under the Article 61 hereinabove, entitled to become a member, or which any person under that  article is entitled to transfer until such person shall become a member in respect of such Shares,  or shall duly transfer the same and until such transfer of Shares has been registered by the  Company, notwithstanding anything contained in any other provision of the Act or these  Articles, the provisions of Section 206A of the Act or the corresponding section of Act, 2013  as and when notified shall apply.  |
| 176  | Any one of several persons, who are registered as joint holders of any Share, may give effectual  receipts for all dividends or bonus and payments on account of dividends or bonus or other  moneys payable in respect of such Shares.  |
| 177  | No member shall be entitled to receive payment of any interest or dividend in respect of his  Share or Shares, whilst any money may be due or owing from him to the Company in respect  of such Share or Shares or otherwise howsoever, either alone or jointly with any other person  or persons, and the Board may deduct, from the interest or dividend payable to any member, all  sums of money so due from him to the Company.  |
| 178  | Subject to the applicable provisions, if any, of the Act, a transfer of Shares shall not pass the  right to any dividend declared thereon and made effective from the date prior to the registration  of the transfer.  |
| 179  | Unless otherwise directed, any dividend may be paid up by cheque or warrant or by a pay-slip  sent through the post to the registered address of the member or person entitled, or, in the case  of joint holders, to that one of them first named in the Register in respect of the joint holdings.  Every such cheque or warrant shall be made payable to the order of the person to whom it is  sent. The Company shall not be liable or responsible for any cheque or warrant or pay-slip lost  in transmission or for any dividend lost to the member or person entitled thereto due to or by  the forged endorsement of any cheque or warrant or the fraudulent recovery of the dividend by  any other means.  |
| 180  | (i)  If the Company has declared a dividend but which has not been paid or claimed within 30  (Thirty) days from the date of declaration the Company shall transfer the total amount of  dividend which remains unpaid or unclaimed within the said period of 30 (Thirty) days a  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | special account to be opened by the Company in that behalf in any scheduled Bank called  “the Unpaid Dividend Account of YASHHTEJ INDUSTRIES (INDIA) LIMITED”. The  Company shall within a period of ninety days of making any transfer of an amount to the  Unpaid Dividend Account, prepare a statement containing the names, their last known  addresses and the unpaid dividend to be paid to each person and place it on the website of  the Company and also on any other website approved by the Central Government, for this  purpose. No unclaimed or unpaid dividend shall be forfeited by the Board before the claim  becomes barred by law.  (ii)  Any money transferred to the unpaid dividend account of the Company which remains  unpaid or unclaimed for a period of 7 (Seven) years, from the date of such transfer shall  be transferred by the Company to the Fund known as the Investor Education and  Protection Fund established under sub section (1) of Section 125 of the Act.  |
| 181  | Subject to the provisions of the Act, no unpaid dividend shall bear interest as against the  Company.  |
| 182  | Any general meeting declaring a dividend may, on the recommendation of the Directors, make  a call on the members of such amount as the meeting decides, but so that the call on each  member shall not exceed the dividend payable to him and so that the call be made payable at  the same time as the dividend and the dividend may, if so arranged between the Company and  the members, be set off against the calls.  |
|  | Capitalisation  |
| 183  | (i)  The Company, in general meeting, may resolve that any moneys, investments or other  assets forming part of the undivided profits of the Company standing to the credit of the  Reserve Fund, or any Capital Redemption Reserve Account or in the hands of the  Company and available for dividend, or representing premium received on the issue of  Shares and standing to the credit of the Share Premium Account, be capitalised and  distributed amongst such of the Shareholders as would be entitled to receive the same, if  distributed by way of dividend, and in the same proportion on the footing that they become  entitled thereto as capital, and that all or any part of such capitalised fund be applied, on  behalf of such Shareholders, in paying up in full either at par or at such premium, as the  resolution may provide, any unissued Shares or Debentures or Debenture stock of the  Company which shall be distributed accordingly on in or towards payment of the uncalled  liability on any issued Shares or Debentures, stock and that such distribution or payment  shall be accepted by such Shareholders in full satisfaction of their interest in the said  capitalised sum, provided that a Share Premium Account and a Capital Redemption  Reserve Account may, for the purposes of this Article, only be applied for the paying of  any unissued Shares to be issued to members of the Company as, fully paid up, bonus  Shares.  (ii)  A general meeting may resolve that any surplus moneys arising from the realisation of any  capital assets of the Company, or any investments representing the same, or any other  undistributed profits of the Company, not subject to charge for income tax, be distributed  among the members on the footing that they receive the same as capital.  (iii)  For the purpose of giving effect to any resolution under the preceding paragraphs of this  Article, the Board may settle any difficulty, which may arise, in regard to the distribution,  as it thinks expedient, and, in particular, may issue fractional certificates and may fix the  value for distribution of any specific assets, and may determine that such cash payments  shall be made to any members upon the footing of the value so fixed or that fraction of  value less than Rs.10/- (Rupees Ten Only) may be disregarded in order to adjust the rights  of all parties, and may vest any such cash or specific assets in trustees upon such trusts for  the person entitled to the dividend or capitalised funds, as may seem expedient to the  Board. Where requisite, a proper contract shall be delivered to the Registrar for  registration in accordance with Section 75 of the Act and the Board may appoint any  person to sign such contract, on behalf of the persons entitled to the dividend or capitalised  fund, and such appointment shall be effective. |
|  | Borrowing Powers  |
| 184  | Subject to the provisions of the Act, the Board may from time to time, at their discretion raise  or borrow or secure the payment of any sum or sums of money for and on behalf of the  Company. Any such money may be raised or the payment or repayment thereof may be secured  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | in such manner and upon such terms and conditions in all respect as the Board may think fit by  promissory notes or by opening loan or current accounts or by receiving deposits and advances  at interest with or without security or otherwise and in particular by the issue of bonds, perpetual  or redeemable debentures of the Company charged upon all or any part of the property of the  Company (both present and future) including its uncalled capital for the time being or by  mortgaging or charging or pledging any lands, buildings, machinery, plant, goods or other  property and securities of the Company or by other means as the Board deems expedient.  |
| 185  | The Board of Directors shall not except with the consent of the Company by way of a special  resolution, borrow moneys where the moneys to be borrowed together with the moneys already  borrowed by the Company (apart from temporary loans obtained from the Company’s bankers  in the ordinary course of business) exceeds the aggregate of paid up capital of the Company and  its free reserves.  |
| 186  | Subject to the Act and the provisions of these Articles, any bonds, debentures, debenture-stock  or other securities issued or to be issued by the Company shall be under the control of the Board,  who may issue them upon such terms and conditions and in such manner and for such  consideration as the Board shall consider to be for the benefit of the Company.  |
|  | Accounts  |
| 187  | The Company shall keep at the Office or at such other place in India, as the Board thinks fit and  proper, books of account, in accordance with the provisions of the Act with respect to:  (i)  all sums of money received and expended by the Company and the matters in respect of  which the receipt and expenditure take place;  (ii)  all sales and purchases of goods by the Company;  (iii)  the assets and liabilities of the Company;  (iv)  Such particulars, if applicable to this Company, relating to utilisation of material and/or  labour or to other items of cost, as may be prescribed by the Central Government.  Where the Board decides to keep all or any of the books of account at any place, other than the  Office of the Company, the Company shall, within 7 (Seven) days, or such other period, as may  be fixed, from time to time, by the Act, of the decision, file with the Registrar, a notice, in  writing, giving the full address of that other place.  The Company shall preserve, in good order, the books of account, relating to the period of not  less than 8 (Eight) years or such other period, as may be prescribed, from time to time, under  the Act, preceding the current year, together with the vouchers relevant to any entry in such  books.  Where the Company has a branch office, whether in or outside India, the Company shall be  deemed to have complied with this Article, if proper books of account, relating to the transaction  effected at the branch office, are kept at the branch office, and the proper summarised returns,  made up to day at intervals of not more than 3 (Three) months or such other period, as may be  prescribed, from time to time, by the Act, are sent by the branch office to the Company at its  Office or other place in India, at which the books of account of the Company are kept as  aforesaid.  The books of account shall give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company or  branch office, as the case may be, and explain the transactions represented by it. The books of  account and other books and papers shall be open to inspection by any director, during business  hours, on a working day, after a prior notice, in writing, is given to the Accounts or Finance  department of the Company. |
| 188  | The Board shall, from time to time, determine, whether, and to what extent, and at what times  and places, and under what conditions or regulations, the accounts and books of the Company  or any of them shall be open to the inspection of members, not being the directors, and no  member, not being a director, shall have any right of inspecting any account or books or  document of the Company, except as conferred by law or authorised by the Board.  |
| 189  | The Directors shall, from time to time, in accordance with sections 129 and 134 of the Act,  cause to be prepared and to be laid before the Company in Annual General Meeting of the  Shareholders of the Company, such Balance Sheets, Profit and Loss Accounts, if any, and the  Reports as are required by those Sections of the Act.  |
| 190  | A copy of every such Profit & Loss Accounts and Balance Sheets, including the Directors’  Report, the Auditors’ Report and every other document(s) required by law to be annexed or  attached to the Balance Sheet, shall at least 21 (Twenty-one) days, before the meeting, at which  the same are to be laid before the members, be sent to the members of the Company, to every  trustee for the holders of any Debentures issued by the Company, whether such member or  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | trustee is or is not entitled to have notices of general meetings of the Company sent to him, and  to all persons other than such member or trustees being persons so entitled.  |
| 191  | The Auditors, whether statutory, branch or internal, shall be appointed and their rights and duties  shall be regulated in accordance with the provisions of the Act and the Rules made thereunder.  |
|  | Documents and Notices  |
| 192  | (i)  A document or notice may be served or given by the Company on any member either  personally or by sending it, by post or by such other means such as fax, e-mail, if permitted  under the Act, to him at his registered address or, if he has no registered address in India,  to the address, if any, in India, supplied by him to the Company for serving documents or  notices on him.  (ii)  Where a document or notice is sent by post, service of the document or notice shall be  deemed to be effected by properly addressing, pre-paying, wherever required, and posting  a letter containing the document or notice, provided that where a member has intimated to  the Company, in advance, that documents or notices should be sent to him under a  certificate of posting or by registered post, with or without the acknowledgement due, and  has deposited with the Company a sum sufficient to defray the expenses of doing so,  service of the document or notice shall not be deemed to be effected unless it is sent in the  manner and, such service shall be deemed to have been effected, in the case of a notice of  a meeting, at the expiration of forty-eight hours after the letter containing the document  or notice is posted, and in any other case, at the time at which the letter would be delivered  in the ordinary course of post. |
| 193  | A document or notice, whether in brief or otherwise, advertised, if thought fit by the Board, in  a newspaper circulating in the neighbourhood of the Office shall be deemed to be duly served  or sent on the day, on which the advertisement appears, on or to every member who has no  registered address in India and has not supplied to the Company an address within India for the  serving of documents on or the sending of notices to him.  |
| 194  | A document or notice may be served or given by the Company on or to the joint holders of a  Share by serving or giving the document or notice on or to the joint holder named first in the  Register of Members in respect of the Share.  |
| 195  | A document or notice may be served or given by the Company on or to the person entitled to a  Share, including the person nominated in the manner prescribed hereinabove, in consequence  of the death or insolvency of a member by sending it through the post as a prepaid letter  addressed to them by name or by the title or representatives of the deceased, or assigned of the  insolvent or by any like description, at the address, if any, in India, supplied for the purpose by  the persons claiming to be entitled, or, until such an address has been so supplied, by serving  the document or notice, in any manner in which the same might have been given, if the death  or insolvency had not occurred.  |
| 196  | Documents or notices of every general meeting shall be served or given in some manner  hereinafter authorised on or to (i) every member, (ii) every person entitled to a Share in  consequence of the death or insolvency of member, (iii) the Auditor or Auditors of the  Company, and (iv) the directors of the Company.  |
| 197  | Every person who, by operation of law, transfer or by other means whatsoever, shall become  entitled to any Share, shall be bound by every document or notice in respect of such Share,  which, previously to his name and address being entered on the Register of Members, shall have  duly served on or given to the person from whom he derives his title to such Shares.  |
| 198  | Any document or notice to be served or given by the Company may be signed by a director or  some person duly authorised by the Board for such purpose and the signature thereto may be  written, printed or lithographed.  |
| 199  | All documents or notices to be served or given by members on or to the Company or any Officer  thereof shall be served or given by sending it to the Company or Officer at the Office by post,  under a certificate of posting or by registered post, or by leaving it at the Office, or by such  other means such as fax, e-mail, if permitted under the Act.  |
|  | Winding Up  |
| 200  | The Company may be wound up in accordance with the Act and the Insolvency and Bankruptcy  Code, 2016 (to the extent applicable).  |
|  | Indemnity and Responsibility  |
| 201  | Subject to the provisions of the Act, every Director, Secretary and the other officers for the time  being of the Company acting in relation to any of the affairs of the Company shall be  indemnified out of the assets of the Company from and against all suits, proceedings, cost,  |
|  Article No.  |  Particulars  |
|:---|:---|
|  | charges, losses, damage and expenses which they or any of them shall or may incur or sustain  by reason of any act done or committed in or about the execution of their duty in their respective  office except such suits, proceedings, cost, charges, losses, damage and expenses, if any that  they shall incur or sustain, by or through their own wilful neglect or default respectively.  |
| 202  | The Company may take and maintain any insurance as the Board may think fit on behalf of its  present and/or former Directors and key managerial personnel for indemnifying all or any of  them against any liability for any acts in relation to the Company for which they may be liable  but have acted honestly or reasonably.  |
|  | Secrecy  |
| 203  | (i)  Every director, manager, auditor, treasurer, trustee, member of a committee, officer,  servant, agent, accountant or other person employed in the business of the Company shall,  if so required by the Directors, before entering upon his duties, sign a declaration pledging  himself to observe strict secrecy respecting all transactions and affairs of the Company  with the customers and the state of the accounts with the individuals and in matters relating  thereto, and shall, by such declaration, pledge himself not to reveal any of the matters  which may come to his knowledge in the discharge of his duties except when required so  to do by the Directors or by Law or by the person to whom such matters relate and except  so far as may be necessary in order to comply with any of the provisions contained in these  Articles or the Memorandum of Association of the Company and the provisions of the  Act.  (ii)  Subject to the provisions of the Act, no member shall be entitled to visit or inspect any  works of the Company, without the permission of the Directors, or to require inspection  of any books of accounts or documents of the Company or discovery of or any information  respecting any details of the Company’s trading or business or any matter which is or may  be in the nature of a trade secret, mystery of trade, secret or patented process or any other  matter, which may relate to the conduct of the business of the Company and, which in the  opinion of the Directors, it would be inexpedient in the interests of the Company to  disclose. |
|  | General  Power  |
| 204  | Wherever in the Act, it has been provided that the Company shall have any right, privilege or  authority or that the Company could carry out any transaction only if the Company is so  authorized by its articles, then and in that case this Article authorizes and empowers the  Company to have such rights, privileges or authorities and to carry such transactions as have  been permitted by the Act, without there being any specific Article in that behalf herein  provided.  |
|  | At any point of time from the date of adoption of these Articles, if the Articles are or become  contrary to the provisions of the SEBI Listing Regulations, the provisions of the SEBI Listing  Regulations shall prevail over the Articles to such extent and the Company shall discharge all  its obligations as prescribed under the SEBI Listing Regulations, from time to time.  |