#(300MT Per Day) * (80% utilisable capacity) * (150 working days) *(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (300 working days) **(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (100 working days)

## **52. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain.**

57
The outbreak of COVID-19 affected countries globally, with the World Health Organisation declaring the outbreak as a pandemic in March 2020. There were border controls, lockdowns and travel restrictions imposed by various countries, as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. The COVID-19 outbreak caused stock markets worldwide to fluctuate significantly in value and impacted global economic activity.
If we are unable to successfully anticipate and respond to changing economic and market conditions, our business, results of operations and financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected.
**56. Taxes and other levies imposed by the Government of India or other State Governments, as well as other financial policies and regulations, may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.**
Taxes and other levies imposed by the Central or State Governments in India that impact our industry include various taxes introduced on a permanent or temporary basis from time to time. There can be no assurance that these tax rates/ slab will continue in the future. Any changes in these tax rates / slabs could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
**57. If inflation were to rise in India, we might not be able to increase the prices of our products at a proportional rate in order to pass costs on to our consumers thereby reducing our margins.**
Inflation rates in India have been volatile in recent years, and such volatility may continue in the future. India has experienced high inflation in the recent past. Increased inflation can contribute to an increase in interest rates and increased costs to our business, including increased costs of wages and other expenses relevant to our business.
High fluctuations in inflation rates may make it more difficult for us to accurately estimate or control our costs. Any increase in inflation in India can increase our expenses, which we may not be able to adequately pass on to our consumers, whether entirely or in part, and may adversely affect our business and financial condition. In particular, we might not be able to reduce our costs or increase the price of our products to pass the increase in costs on to our consumers. In such case, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely affected.
Further, the Government of India has previously initiated economic measures to combat high inflation rates, and it is unclear whether these measures will remain in effect. We cannot assure you that Indian inflation levels will not worsen in the future.