#(300MT Per Day) * (80% utilisable capacity) * (150 working days) *(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (300 working days) **(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (100 working days)

## **52. Changing regulations in India could lead to new compliance requirements that are uncertain.**

**58. Investors may not be able to enforce a judgment of a foreign court against us, our Directors, the LMs or any of their directors and executive officers in India respectively, except by way of a lawsuit in India.**
Our Company is a company incorporated under the laws of India and all of our Directors are located in India. All of our assets and our Key Managerial Personnel and Senior Management Personnel are also located in India. As a result, it may not be possible for investors to effect service of process upon our Company or such persons in jurisdictions outside India, or to enforce judgments obtained against such parties outside India. Furthermore, it is unlikely that an Indian court would enforce foreign judgments if that court was of the view that the amount of damages awarded was excessive or inconsistent with public policy, or if judgments are in breach or contrary to Indian law. In addition, a party seeking to enforce a foreign judgment in India is required to obtain approval from the RBI to execute such a judgment or to repatriate outside India any amounts recovered.
Recognition and enforcement of foreign judgments is provided for under Section 13 and Section 44A of the Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. India is not a party to any international treaty in relation to the recognition or enforcement of foreign judgments. India has reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters with only a limited number of jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Singapore and Hong Kong. In order to be enforceable, a judgment from a jurisdiction with reciprocity must meet certain requirements established in the Indian Code of Civil Procedure, 1908. The CPC only permits the enforcement and execution of monetary decrees in the reciprocating jurisdiction, not being in the nature of any amounts payable in respect of taxes, other charges, fines or penalties. Judgments or decrees from jurisdictions which do not have reciprocal recognition with India, including the United States, cannot be enforced by proceedings in execution in India. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any court in a non-reciprocating territory for civil liability, whether or not predicated solely upon the general laws of the non-reciprocating territory, would not be directly enforceable in India.
58