#(300MT Per Day) * (80% utilisable capacity) * (150 working days) *(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (300 working days) **(300 MT Per Day) * (100% utilizable capacity) * (100 working days)

While we believe that all such transactions have been conducted on an arm’s length basis in accordance with the Companies Act and in the ordinary course of business, there can be no assurance that we could not have achieved more favourable commercial terms with other parties. Further, it is likely that we may enter into related party transactions in the future and such transactions may potentially involve conflicts of interest which may be detrimental to our Company. Further, there can be no assurance that such transactions, individually or in the aggregate, will not have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
While we have not experienced any of the above risks that had an adverse impact on our business operations and financial conditions during the last three Financial Years and Stub period, we cannot assure you that these risks will not arise in the future.
*[For further details on our related party transactions, see chapter titled “Related Party Transactions” and* *Note 30 titled “Statement of Related Party Transaction” of Annexure V- Notes to Restated Financial* *Information of the chapter titled “Restated Financial Statements on page 253 and 240 of this Prospectus.]*
**26. Our Company has undertaken secured borrowings and thus the inability to comply with repayment and other covenants in our financing agreements/arrangements could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.**
As of September 30, 2025, we have a total secured borrowing of ₹ 2,729.19 Lakhs, of which ₹ 1,118.17 Lakhs is on account of Term Loan/Vehicle Loan and ₹ 1,611.01 Lakhs us on account of cash credit from banks and financial institutions. Terms of certain of these borrowing contain restrictive covenants, including requirements that we obtain consent from the lenders prior to undertaking certain matters including altering our capital structure, effecting any scheme of amalgamation or reconstruction, changing the management and dilution of Promoters’ shareholding, and creation of security. As of the date of this Prospectus, we have received requisite consent from our lenders (who have granted us Term Loan & Cash Credit) in connection to the proposed Issue.
46
Further, in terms of security, we are required to create a mortgage or charge over our movable and immovable properties. We may also be required to furnish additional security if required by our lenders.  Additionally, these Financing Agreements also require us to maintain certain financial ratios such as current ratio, debt service coverage ratio, interest coverage ratio, fixed asset coverage ratio, etc., while we are in compliance with all such ratios as prescribed as per our financing agreements, we cannot assure you that we will be able to comply with these financial or other covenants at all times or that we will be able to obtain the consent necessary to take the actions that we believe are required to operate and grow our business. Further, there have been no defaults or re-scheduling/ re-structuring in relation to borrowings availed by our Company from any banks and/or financial institutions.